STOCKS to

4E?DAI

Insights on Investor Behaviour

STOCKS to

4E?DAI

Insights on Investor Behaviour

PARAG PARIKH

Tata McGraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited
NEW DELHI
McGraw-Hill Offices
New Delhi New York St Louis San Francisco Auckland Bogotá
Caracas Kuala Lumpur Lisbon London Madrid Mexico City Milan
Montreal San Juan Santiago Singapore Sydney Tokyo Toronto

Information contained in this work has been obtained by
Tata McGraw-Hill, from sources believed to be reliable.
However, neither Tata McGraw-Hill nor its authors
guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information
published herein, and neither Tata McGraw-Hill nor its
authors shall be responsible for any errors, omissions, or
damages arising out of use of this information. This work is
published with the understanding that Tata McGraw-Hill
and its authors are supplying information but are not
attempting to render engineering or other professional
services. If such services are required, the assistance of an
appropriate professional should be sought.

Copyright © 2006, by Tata McGraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited.
No part of this publication may be reproduced or distributed in any form or by any
means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise or stored in a
database or retrieval system without the prior written permission of the publishers.
The program listings (if any) may be entered, stored and executed in a computer
system, but they may not be reproduced for publication.
This edition can be exported from India only by the publishers,
Tata McGraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited.
ISBN 0-07-059771-5
Published by the Tata McGraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited,
7 West Patel Nagar, New Delhi 110 008, typeset in Baskerville BE Regular at
The Composers, 260, C.A. Apt., Paschim Vihar, New Delhi 110 063 and
printed at Sai Printo Pack Pvt. Ltd., A-102/4, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase II,
New Delhi 110 020
Cover design: Kapil Gupta, Delhi
RZDYCDRBRZDAL

To
My wife
Gita

PREFACE
Our paradigms, more than mere market forces, govern the financial decisions we make. This implies that not only do we need
basic knowledge of how Money grows, we also need to forego
instant gratification and live the universal principles of austerity
and hard work, all of which form the basis of achieving financial
freedom.
Investing is putting money to work and (unlike gambling) is
governed by the universal law of the farm: what you sow today
cannot be reaped immediately tomorrow. This book explains what
real investing is and the investing strategies one may adopt.
Today, ‘equities’ is the preferred asset class due to its inherent tax
efficient character. Hence we focus on equity investments in to
the stock markets. Stock Markets: why are they so interesting?
Why are they so unpredictable? Why are we unable to understand how they behave? Stock market volatility reflects the behaviour of its participants, that is, the investors. Investors react
differently when they become a part of the herd. We try to understand this human behaviour and become aware of certain behavioural anomalies that distort our thinking and make us take decisions that are against our financial interest. Understanding
Behavioural Finance and how it affects markets is the key to a
successful investment strategy. Wearing the cloak of patience,
eschewing greed and conquering fear, form the basis of these
strategies, but behavioural finance goes beyond commonly known
principles, and helps us understand the intricate mechanisms of
the smartest individual’s reflexive, and yet doomed responses, to
the Capital Market.
I am neither an economist nor an academician. I am an
investor, a stockbroker, a financial planner and a money
manager. My knowledge is due to formal education in the field of
behavioural finance from the course “Investment Decisions and
Behavioural Finance” at the Kennedy School of Government,

viii PREFACE

Harvard University, and my extensive study of the works of scholars, economists and academicians in various fields of investment,
money management and behavioural finance. These include great
thinkers and scholars like Amos Tversky and Daniel Kahneman,
Richard Thaler, Hersh Shefrin, Richard Geist, Robert Shiller,
Benjamin Graham, Warren Buffet, Stephen Covey, Robert T.
Kiyosaki, Gustave le Bon, Charles D. Ellis, Max Bazzerman, Gary
Belsky and Thomas Gilovich to name just a few, some of whom I
have had the good fortune to interact with. To this, I have added
my unique perspective, viewing the activity on Dalal Street through
the behavioural finance lens.
This book brings the knowledge of these great thinkers into an
Indian context, and helps me to share with you my experiences
with various types of investors, fund managers, corporates, the
media, and fellow students. As an optimist, I firmly believe that I
am writing this book at the start of one of the biggest bull markets
in Indian history. It is January 2005. I am sure my experiences
will give you new perspectives and help you be a better investor.
Simply learning to see the common psychological and cognitive
errors in your investment decisions may be enough. You will take
a giant step forward.
My chosen profession of stockbroker has served as an ideal
vantage point from which I have been able to observe different
behavioural nuances and patterns. I have been in touch with
various types of investors, fund managers, speculators, traders,
etc. Each one has his own agenda, perspectives, goals and thought
processes. No one is perpetually right or wrong. The correctness
or otherwise of any decision depends upon the sentiments
prevailing at a particular time and unsurprisingly, individual
confidence levels will fluctuate according to the degree of accuracy
in predictions.
Chapter 1 explains what investing really is. It is a confusing
subject and means different things to different people. I am sure
you will change your perspective of investing as you go through
the chapter. Chapter 2 explains the difference between investment
and speculation. It is important to know the difference as many
people today acquire speculative habits in the error that they are
investing. Chapter 3 helps you understand the different ways of

PREFACE

ix

investing. The key to successful investing is keeping your emotions
under control. This is easier said than done. Chapters 4 to 8 helps
you to understand this psychology of Investing. Chapter 4 is an
introduction to behavioural finance—how our emotions drive our
decision-making, and how those decisions may not be in our best
financial interest. We understand why even smart and intelligent
people make big money mistakes.
Chapter 5 explains our reactions when confronted with fear,
and our behavioural anomalies of Loss Aversion and Sunk Cost
Fallacy arising out of our fear of making losses. A plan of action
to overcome these anomalies concludes the chapter. Chapter 6
shows how our greed leads us to behavioural anomalies of
maintaining the status quo by getting into the Decision Paralysis
mode and the Endowment Effect, that is attachment to our
possessions. Once you are aware as to why you behave in such
particular ways there is a plan of action that can help you to
overcome these faults.
Chapter 7 explains the human tendency to treat the same
amount of money differently depending on how it has been
acquired, the effort taken to acquire the same and when it is
acquired. This is in spite of the fact that money is fungible. People
have different types of mental accounts and this is reflected in
their investing and spending decisions. Understanding mental
accounting and following the solutions at the end will help your
investing and spending decisions.
Chapter 8 explains mental heuristics. These are the short cuts
the brain takes to process information. It does not process the full
information. This leads to decision biases. We human beings
sometimes follow the rule of the thumb without understanding its
implications. We do so because of a habit or a custom or just
because everyone is doing it. There is no rationality in these
actions. There are different types of biases and an understanding
of these will help you understand your own irrationality and that
of others. It will also help you better understand stock markets
and you will be able to live with its volatility. Chapter 9 is on
mutual funds. That open-ended mutual funds are the best form of
investments for the retail investor is a myth. It is a mental heuristic.
It is an idea, which is past its time. New environment calls for

x PREFACE

radical thinking and bold concepts. Discard the old—and then
only can we embrace the future. Money management is a
profession, which unfortunately has been turned in to a business
with the advent of open-ended mutual funds. In such a scenario,
the new emerging model to serve the interests of the investors
would be an individual portfolio manager. Chapter 10 takes you
to the real life on the stock markets. Understand its participants
and their behaviour. Understand the true internal working of the
markets. You have heard of stock market bubbles. Understand
how they are formed and how the different types of behavioural
anomalies we have discussed in earlier chapters play their part at
different levels of the bubble formation. Booms are always followed
by busts and this occurs due to totally opposite behaviour from
the same participants. It’s a tug of war between fear and greed
and greed and fear. And lastly we come to Chapter 11 “Why
must one Invest” and why Equity Investment is the best form of
investing. Today, equities as an asset class are the most tax friendly
and tax efficient asset class. Equities will form a major portion of
every Indian’s portfolio. International investment companies will
be attracted towards investments in India.
The seeds of the equity cult were sown by Mr. Dhirubhai
Ambani way back in 1977 with his vision of the Reliance Empire.
2005 marks the beginning of the Indian equity tidal wave, which
will also attract international investment companies to set up bases
in India.
PARAG PARIKH

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
This is a book of experiences, of encounters and realities. My due
acknowledgements to the various people who have come in my
life and enabled me to have insights into their behaviour. These
include my clients, friends, business associates, fund managers,
brokers, investors etc.
The book would not have been possible without the support
and the encouragement provided by the publishing team at Tata
McGraw-Hill. My special gratitude to Mr. Chandra Sekhar, whose
belief and confidence in me enabled me to venture into this
project.
Special recognition to Dr. Shantanu Nagarkatti who has been
instrumental in initiating me to the field of Behavioural Finance.
His guidance has been a source of great strength for me.
My thanks to Praful Satam of Span Advertising for his help in
developing the various diagrams and charts.
My special remembrance to my late father Shirish Parikh who
always encouraged me to be on a continuous learning spree. My
late aunty Anjali P. Shah who was like a mother to me. She was
proudly waiting to see my work through till fate snatched her
away.
An extraordinary team delivers extraordinary results. I am grateful to our team at Parag Parikh Financial Advisory Services Ltd.
which include Rajiv Thakker, M. Alarkan, Hiten Sampat, Manoj
Shroff, Hiroo Thadani, Nirjhar Handa, Jayant Pai, Kunal Kalra
and Shishir Karnik who were always by my side and offering me
a helping hand during the various stages of the completion of the
book.
My mother Tarunika, wife Geeta, sons Neil and Sahil and
daughter-in-law Sitanshi have been an enduring source of light,

xii ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

learning, joy, inspiration and unfailing support during the project.
This has made writing this book a playful adventure.
And above all, the Almighty, without whose wish and blessings
nothing can happen. I thank him for having chosen me for this
project.
PARAG PARIKH

CONTENTS
Preface ................................................................................................. vii
Acknowledgements ................................................................................. xi
1. Investing ...................................................................................... 1
What is Investing? 2
Investment Products 3
Investment Procedures 4
Investor Classification 4
Investing is a Plan 5
Investment Vehicles 6
Trends and Diversification 7
Each Plan is Different 8
Trading is not Investing 8
Plan of Action 9
2. Investment Strategy: Investment and Speculation ...... 10
Cash Flow 10
Capital Gains 11
Case Study on Infosys: September 2000 12
The Law of the Farm 14
A Good Strategy 14
Risk–Reward Balance 15
Nothing is Right or Wrong 16
References 18
3. Three Ways of Investing ..................................................... 19
The Intellectually Difficult Path 19
The Physically Difficult Path 20
The Emotionally Difficult Path 21
Why is Investing so Difficult 23
References 23

xiv CONTENTS

4. Introduction to Behavioural Finance ............................... 24
If Investments do Well, Why do Investors Fare Poorly? 26
Emotions Change Paradigms 27
Classical Economic Theory v/s Behavioural
Economic Theory 28
The Three Sources of Alpha for Superior Performance 30
5. Loss Aversion and Sunk Cost Fallacy ............................. 32
Loss Aversion 33
Impact of Loss Aversion 35
Sunk Cost Fallacy 37
Impact of Sunk Cost Fallacy 39
Getting Out From Under 40
Check Your Appetite for Loss 41
Diversify within Asset Classes and Across Assets 41
Total Portfolio Vision 42
Let Bygones be Bygones 42
Reframe Losses as Gains 43
Segregate Gains and Integrate Losses 43
Pay Less Attention to Your Investments 43
References 44
6. Decision Paralysis and the Endowment Effect .............. 45
Taking Decisions 48
Investing and Decision Paralysis 50
Endowment Effect 52
Impact of Endowment Effect 53
Overvaluing One’s Holdings 53
The Trial and Money Back Guarantee Scheme 54
Confirmation Traps 55
A Fund Manager’s Story 56
Plan of Action 57
7. Mental Accounting ................................................................ 59
Episode 1 59
Episode 2 60
Episode 3 60

CONTENTS xv

Situation A 62
Situation B 62
Earned Income V/s Gift Income 62
Quantity of the Money in Question 63
Large Purchases V/s Small Purchases 63
Cash V/s Credit Cards 63
Sacred Money 64
Impact of Mental Accounting on Investors 64
Plan of Action 66
Always Pay Cash 67
Be Alert 67
Be Patient 67
Treat All Income as Earnings 67
8. Mental Heuristics ................................................................... 68
Availability Heuristic 70
Representative Heuristic 71
Saliency Heuristic 71
Overconfidence 72
Anchoring and Adjustment 73
Example 1 73
Example 2 74
Example 3 74
Herd Mentality 76
Size Bias 77
Pattern Recognition 78
9. Mutual Funds: An Idea Whose Time has Gone ........... 82
The Beginnings 83
The Rules of the Game 83
The Paradox 83
Fund Manager’s Behaviour 84
Destructive Environment 85
A Profession or A Business 86
A Solution 86

xvi CONTENTS

The Future of Open-ended Mutual Funds 87
A Bold Vision 87
10. The Stock Market Bubble ................................................... 89
Systems Thinking 89
The Psychology of Stock Market Participants 91
Government 91
Regulator 91
Stock Exchanges 91
Brokers 91
Banks 92
Companies 92
Mutual Funds 92
Media 92
Investors 92
Operators 92
Making the Bubble 93
Stock Price 93
The Deal 93
Circular Trading 93
The Bubble Bursts 97
A Summation 100
References 100
11. Why Must One Invest ........................................................ 101
Learning the Money Game 102
Cash Flow of the Middle Class 104
Cash Flow of the Rich 105
Why Stocks 109
References 110
Index ................................................................................................. 111

Author’s Profile
Parag Parikh is Founder Chairman of Parag
Parikh Financial Advisory Services Limited
(PPFAS), Mumbai. Mr Parikh has over 25
years’ experience in investing, broking and
advisory business. He regularly shares his
insights through guest contributions in many
of India’s leading financial publications
such as The Economic Times, Business Standard
and DNA, through appearances on CNBC,
NDTV Profit, Aaj Tak and Star News, as
well as by undertaking lectures at various investor and educational
forums.
Mr Parikh has a Masters in Commerce from Mumbai
University and is a Certified Financial Planner (CFP) from the
Financial Planning Standards Board of India. He is an alumni of
the Harvard Business School having successfully completed the
prestigious Owner President Management Program. He has also
attended the program on Investment Decisions and Behaviourial
Finance at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at the
Harvard.
A keen believer in nurturing one’s physical, mental, emotional,
and spiritual side, Mr. Parikh engages in physical activities such
as golf, reads extensively, and practises Vipassana regularly.

CHAPTER

INVESTING

1

Investing is a challenging game and we are all into it at some time
or the other. The clearer we are about it, the more successful we
will be at mastering it.
Let’s eavesdrop on this dinner conversation between a father,
mother, son and daughter.
Son:

Dad, give me some money. I want to invest in the stock
market. All my college friends go to this broker who provides
terminals where one can invest.

Dad:

Invest?

Son:

Yes, my friends make a lot of money. They buy stocks on the
broker’s advice and when the prices rise, they sell and make
a clean profit.

Dad:

Well, this is the age for you to study, get good grades so that
you can get a good job that will secure your future. I don’t
want you to get into speculating in stocks.

Daughter: Dad, you have to give me some extra money this month, as I
need to buy some gold jewellery. I will be getting married in
a couple of years and I need to start building my jewellery
collection now.
Mother:

Baby, look at yourself in the mirror. You are putting on so
much weight. If you want to look good wearing gold jewellery
you require a good body. Why don’t you go to the gym for
regular workouts instead of wasting your time watching
TV? It’s high time you start watching your figure if you
want to get a good husband and settle down in life.

Daughter: Oh mom, my boyfriend is a big investor. He buys and sells
commodities. He knows how to make money. We have
decided to get married. You need not worry about my future.

2 STOCKS TO RICHES

Son:

Oh, so he is a commodity investor? Great! Dad, I told you
it’s a great business. I want to be a stock investor. You
don’t understand what a big thing investing is. You can
make a lot of money through it.. See dad, you slog the whole
day at your factory. Become an investor and we will become
rich.

Mother:

Children, your dad works so hard at his factory, which is
why we have a comfortable life. It’s wrong to run down
your father. He chose to set up this factory. So what if he
did not get into investing?

Son and
Daughter: But we can make big money through investing. Why should
dad work so hard at the factory when this is a better
option?
Mom:

I don’t want to get into this debate but I am happy to have
inherited from my father some stocks and a real estate
property. I get my regular dividends from my stocks and the
rent from the property. Why should I bother about investing?

Dad:

Well, I think I will go to sleep. I am really confused about
this. Investing is a difficult subject. Good night.

In the conversation, no one understands ‘investing’. The son
and the daughter talk about it but do not know what it exactly is.
The father has invested in the factory and asks his son to invest in
his education. But he does not know what investing means either.
The mother asks her daughter to invest in her body by exercising
regularly. The daughter too does not realise that buying gold
jewellery is real investing, not commodity trading. The mother is
the real investor in stocks and real estate. Yet, she does not know
about it.

What is Investing?
Investing is a very exhaustive subject. It means different
things to different people. At some point of time we all are investing
in something. It may be relationships; it may be a marriage or a

INVESTING 3

career. Life is all about doing something to reap benefits in the
future. So all of us are in the investment game. However, it means
different things to different people. People invest in:
n

large families so that when they grow old, their children can
take care of them,

n

education, to ensure job security and a comfortable life,

n

land and crops, in order to fend for themselves and their
families,

n

small families, to provide a good standard of education and
living for their child,

n

their health, by exercising regularly and eating a balanced
diet,

n

charitable works, to serve the poor and the needy, and

n

external assets like real estate, shares in listed companies,
gold, silver, etc., so that they can fall back upon them in
tough times.

Thus we have a lot of people doing different things in the
name of investing. This makes the subject of investing very
complex.

Investment Products
These come in the form of stocks, bonds, mutual funds,
real estate, precious metals, insurance, commodities, etc. The
reason people choose one form or another is distinct as each is
designed to satisfy a particular need.
n

Stocks offer dividends and capital appreciation.

n

Bonds are much safer than stocks and offer a safe return on
the money invested.

n

Mutual funds may be seen as less risky than stocks.

n

Investment in real estate could be for capital appreciation, to
earn rent or for self-accommodation.

n

Insurance is used as a security.

4 STOCKS TO RICHES
n

Precious metals like gold and silver appreciate over time
and are therefore a good hedge against unforeseen political
uncertainties.

Thus each investment product has different distinct characteristics
and each is designed to satisfy a peculiar need. Each is designed
to do something different.

Investment Procedures
These are nothing but techniques, methods or formulae
for dealing in the various investment products.
n

If one were to buy an investment product and hold it, then
the procedure adopted is called going long.

n

If one were to sell an investment product and then buy it the
procedure adopted is called going short.

n

If one buys and then sells, the procedure is called trading.

There have been various innovations in investment procedures
by the introduction of the Futures and Options markets. We have
thus different procedures to speculate and hedge in the form of
call options, put options, and futures. All these different types of
procedures make the financial markets interesting.

Investor Classification
Investors are classified by the products they use and
the procedure adopted by them.
n

A stock trader is one who uses the product stock and the
procedure trading.

n

A long-term investor on the other hand uses the product
stock and the procedure of buying and holding long.

n

A short seller uses the same product stock and the procedure
of selling and then buying back.

INVESTING 5
n

Similarly, a real estate speculator whose product is real estate
adopts the procedure of speculation.

n

A collector of rare coins buys and holds long the product of
rare coins.

n

A commodities future trader adopts the procedure of the
futures market to trade in commodities.

n

A stock option trader adopts the procedure of hedging in the
product of stocks.

n

A day trader uses the product stocks and the procedure of
speculation.

n

A saver is one who wants to hold over a long term by
putting his money in the bank.

Thus, there are different types of people doing different things
with the same investment products. Under the banner of investing
are people who are really gamblers, speculators, traders, hedgers,
savers, dreamers and losers.

Investing is a Plan
It is not a product or a procedure. It is a very personal
plan. An individual has to decide what his goals are and how he
can go from one level of comfort to another. He would have
certain resources coming to him and certain commitments to be
fulfilled. A person is able to earn when he is young. These earnings
need to be invested wisely so that in old age, when a person’s
capacity to earn diminishes, he can fall back on his investments.
Therefore, he needs to have a clear picture of his financials before
making an investment plan.
Example: Take the case of a working couple, aged 30, with two
school-going children—a son and a daughter. At present they live
a very comfortable life. But they need to plan for the future and
invest their earnings wisely to take care of future expenses. The
children will want to go in for higher studies within the next 7–10
years. They will need to be married. The family might need a
bigger house or there could be some major illness in the family.

6 STOCKS TO RICHES

All these expenses will have to be met. The needs will increase
but the income may not keep pace. If one does not plan for these
expenses one may not be able to achieve the milestones as and
when they come. So this couple will need to estimate their income
flow and visualise their expenses. An investment plan will help
them to plan for eventualities in the future.
If one is at comfort level ‘A’. From there one needs to go to a
higher comfort level ‘B’. To do that one would need different
types of investment vehicles like stocks, bonds, real estate, etc.
One would choose the investment vehicles according to one’s
needs. Fig. 1.1 explain this.

FIGURE 1.1

Investment Plan and Investment Vehicles

Investment Vehicles
Why do we have so many different types of cars and
trucks? Because different people have different needs. A farmer
would find the Tata Sumo useful at his village, while a couple
staying in a city would find the Maruti 800 more convenient.
Likewise, a Toyota Qualis would well suit a large family. Similarly,
in the investment world, investment products are also known as
Investment Vehicles.

INVESTING 7

Different people have different needs and different investment
goals and they use different investment vehicles. Say, a person
from Mumbai has to go to a hotel in Delhi. He would use either a
train or car or bus or airplane to go from Mumbai to Delhi. On
reaching Delhi, to go to his hotel he could choose a bicycle, a
taxi, a bus, a rickshaw, a car or he could even walk it up. In his
plan he has a choice of vehicles and he would choose what suits
him best. Similarly, when one has an investment plan in place
one can choose one or more investment vehicles according to
one’s needs and means.

Trends and Diversification
We live in a world of continuous change. Good times
follow bad and vice versa. Nothing is permanent. We need to be
aware of changing trends so that we can benefit from them.
We have just talked about diversification into different asset
classes according to our investment plan. But that does not mean
we stay invested in just those asset classes. We cannot get married
to them. They all are there to serve a purpose and once that is
served we need to move on to a new asset class. Alternatively you
may have an asset class that has appreciated considerably due to
positive trends in that asset class. Here we need to remember the
law of nature. Whatever goes up must come down and vice versa.
So we need to make a call. Sell a portion of that asset class which
resembles the profit and move that money to another asset class
where the trend is bearish. What happens? The asset remains
intact, but the money earned from that asset class has moved to a
different asset class where the chances of an upside are much
more. Thus you are increasing the velocity of your money.
Now one would say that this is quite risky and tantamount to
speculating. Yes, it could be risky if you are trying to time the
markets and get in and out of a stock. But here we are talking
about trends in an asset class. Take for instance the real estate
market which was very low and subdued in the years between
1998 and 2003. Prior to that it was very good. The trend changed
and if anyone had invested in the real estate market when the

8 STOCKS TO RICHES

trend was bearish, he would make a lot of money. Similarly
investors were very shy of the stock markets after the tech bust in
2000. The stock markets were very subdued and investors preferred
to put their money in fixed income securities and banks. If one
were aware of the trends and thinking of increasing the velocity
of one’s money, one would have invested in stocks in the year
2002–2003 when the valuations were very cheap. Many wise
investors did that and reaped the benefits. Of course to do this
you require sufficient financial knowledge and wisdom, or the
right professionals advising you.

Each Plan is Different
Investment plans also differ from person to person
depending upon the age, gender, size of the family, aspirations,
goals, etc. For a young man of 20 years, stocks and real estate
could be the dominant vehicles as he is starting his life and his
risk-taking ability is much more. For a retired person of 70 years,
bonds could be the dominant vehicle as safety is more important.
For a family with daughters to be married, gold and jewellery
could be the dominant vehicle as against a family with sons where
real estate could be the dominant vehicle.

Trading is not Investing
We find so many people focusing on a product, say
stocks, and a procedure, trading, but they do not have an investment
plan in place. Most people are trying to make money by what
they think is investing. But trading is not investing; it is only a
procedure or a technique. We come across a lot of youngsters
today who when asked what they do for a living, proudly answer
that their business is investing. They go early to a broker’s office
when the markets open and remain there till evening. All day
they buy and sell stocks. They believe they are investing when
actually they are trading. This is the new breed of traders known
as day traders.

INVESTING 9

There is nothing wrong with trading; these traders also play
their part in providing liquidity to the markets. It’s only when
people are not clear about their own investment plan that all
these products and techniques become overwhelming and
confusing. There are a number of TV shows and advertisements
on investment. Under the banner of investing and investments
they knowingly or unknowingly arouse your gambling instincts
by giving you trading and speculating ideas. Maybe they
themselves are also ignorant about ‘investing’. Look at some of
the advertisements of banks, mutual funds, brokers and investment
advisors. None of them will talk about helping you to make an
investment plan. Most of them offer to help you trade or speculate
promising you quick returns. They get away with it because
investing is a complex subject and not many people know much
about it. Be very careful of instant gratification ideas. They are
only dreams. Everyone and anyone in the stock market could be
a trader but not everyone is an investor.

Plan of Action
n

Make an investment plan for yourself.

n

Decide the different types of investment vehicles you need
and the procedure you need to adopt.

n

If you believe trading is the appropriate procedure for you
so be it. But understand that you are trading and not investing.
So when the vagaries of the market hit you hard do not
wonder how it happened. You opted for the trading choice
that seems easier, and you paid the price.

Investment planning is a continuous process. We are living in
times of constant change and our goals change with our changed
circumstances, requiring us to reweigh our options constantly. It
requires discipline to stay the long-term course and patience to
achieve the desired outcome. If equity stocks happen to be the
most preferred investment vehicle in your investment plan, you
need to understand the strategy that needs to be adopted. The
next chapter explains investment strategy.

CHAPTER

INVESTMENT STRATEGY:
INVESTMENT AND
SPECULATION

2

Investment strategy is the first issue that investors should consider.
Investing is an act of faith, a willingness to postpone present
consumption to save for the future. Thus, investing for the longterm is central to the achievement of optimum returns for the
investor.
There are two sources of returns in the stock markets1:
1. Fundamentals represented by earnings and dividends,
2. Speculation represented by the markets valuation of these
fundamentals.
The first is reliable and sustainable over the long run; the
second is dangerous and risky. These lessons of history are central
to the understanding of investing. These two sources of returns
could be further classified into Cash Flow and Capital Gains.

Cash Flow
When one believes in the fundamentals of investing,
one is looking at the dividend payouts of the company. These
arise from the company’s earning potential, and are possible only
when the company has a positive cash flow. This cash flow is a
product of the fundamentals, or inherent strength, of the company,
the sustainability of the business, and the robustness of the business
model. Along with that there are other variables such as the
quality of the management, competitive market position, core
competencies, etc. Investing in such companies enables the investor
to earn a regular income over many years.

INVESTMENT STRATEGY: INVESTMENT AND SPECULATION 11

The investment value of a stock is the present worth of all the
dividends to be paid upon it. This is best explained by John Burr
Williams. A stock is worth only what you get out of it. A stock
derives its value from its dividends. A cow for her milk, a hen for
her eggs, bees for their honey, and stocks for their dividends2.
The capital appreciation that takes place is seen primarily from
the angle of bonus and right shares, which in turn increase the
shareholding leading to higher dividends. As a result the
shareholder’s cash flow is augmented. The rise in stock price is
secondary, as there is no intention of selling for capital gain. It is
only satisfying to know that one can cash in on such a huge
appreciation in times of need.
When investors follow this cash flow model of fundamental
investing, it is always based on the premise that over a long
period, the stock markets will go up irrespective of the turbulence.
For them, bull and bear markets are part of the investment process.
On the contrary, they wait for bear markets, as they are able to
get bargains. There is also a strong belief that equity investments
are the best hedge against inflation.

Capital Gains
When a stock goes up in value and one sells it at a
profit, that gain is known as capital gain. When people buy stocks
in the belief that the prices will go up and they will be able to
make a profit, it is known as speculation. The price of a stock
listed on the stock markets reflects the value of the fundamentals.
Speculators bet on the market value of the fundamentals. Now,
there are traders and speculators who buy and sell stocks according
to their perception of the correct price of the stock based on the
fundamentals. Say a company like Colgate is quoted at a price of
Rs. 145. A trader may feel that according to the fundamentals of
the company Rs. 145 is a low price and that the stock could go
up. So he would buy that stock at Rs. 145. When it goes up he
makes a profit, which is his capital gain. If it goes down he makes
a loss.

12

STOCKS TO RICHES

Stock price movements take place for a variety of reasons and
the investor is vulnerable to a host of uncertainties. Yet he is
willing to take the risk. Here people are not looking at the
fundamentals of a company. They are looking at the stock price
going up because of probable factors, such as the fortunes of the
company changing, expectations of higher profits, a technological
breakthrough, etc. They buy and sell stocks on information or an
opinion or a rumour. The idea is to benefit from a price movement.
The inherent gambling instinct in a human being is responsible
for the huge turnover in this kind of speculation. Speculation per
se is gambling. In the stock markets the other name for speculation
is trading. It gives some credibility to the process and also has a
differential tax treatment (the basic difference between speculation
and trading is that in the former no delivery of the stocks is taken
and in trading the delivery is effected).
The capital gains model is based on the premise that stock
markets always witness bull and bear phases; one follows the
other. For speculators and traders the trick is to take advantage of
the ups and downs of the market. Volatile stock price movements
excite them. They follow the short-term approach. They strongly
believe that since markets always fluctuate, a long-term strategy is
useless. In fact, during the tech boom I interacted with some
experts and fund managers who held the firm view that the old
ways of investing were out as the rules of the game had changed.
To buttress their claim they cited the example of how Warren
Buffet missed the tech boom. Today, I know for sure that all of
them are nursing their wounds. This is what short-term success
does.
Warren Buffet’s success till date is due to the fact that he would
refrain from buying businesses he did not understand. He would
buy stocks which were quoting a discount to their intrinsic value,
and he would buy businesses from which he could visualise
sustainable earnings over the long term. As the tech stocks did
not fit in with these conditions, he stayed away from them.

Case Study on Infosys: September 2000
In 2000, I had done a study on the behaviour of the market
valuation of the fundamentals of Infosys Technologies Limited,

INVESTMENT STRATEGY: INVESTMENT AND SPECULATION 13

the leader in the software sector and a favourite of all the investors.
It is a very good company and had been growing at over 100 per
cent at that time. The stock price shot up from around Rs. 2,000
(Rs. 10 paid up) in January 1999 to around Rs. 12,000 (Rs. 5 paid
up adjusted for split) in March 2000. Nothing spectacular had
happened to the company to justify such a steep increase. But by
the end of September 2000, the stock was down to Rs. 7,000.
Nothing had gone drastically wrong with the company either
since March when it was quoted around Rs. 12,000.
How did this happen? Let’s do some arithmetic on the figures
of Infosys to understand how the irrational market values the
fundamentals. Infosys at its peak price of Rs. 12,800 commanded
a market cap of a huge Rs. 85,000 crore. The market justified this
on the grounds that the company was growing aggressively at
near 100 per cent per annum. In the financial year 2000, Infosys
reported revenues of Rs. 882 crore. If we were to compound this
figure at 85 per cent annually for 10 years (as some people believed
the growth would continue), then in financial year 2010 Infosys
would report revenues of a staggering Rs. 414,176 crore. At that
time, assuming a market capitalisation of 100 times revenues
(similar to what Infosys was quoting at its peak) it would put
Infosys’ value at USD 9.2 trillion. The GDP of USA was around
the same figure! It is surely not possible that Infosys can be worth
as much as the entire GDP of the US.
If this cannot happen, two things are possible. One, that Infosys
cannot continue to grow at 85 per cent, and second, that it cannot
continue to quote at 100 times revenue. While I do not rule out
momentum movements, I believe it is quite difficult to gauge the
correct timing of entry and exit. So, though Infosys is a great
company a lot of people lost fortunes when they speculated on
the stock price and bought the stock for capital gains. As against
that, all who had bought the stock for cash flow and held on to
the stock, irrespective of market fluctuations, are very wealthy
even at today’s stock prices. This is the power of investing for the
long-term in fundamentals.
To sum up, let’s take the example of a cattle farm and a dairy
farm3. In a cattle farm the asset is the cattle. Cattle are bred and

14

STOCKS TO RICHES

reared to yield good value when they are sold to the slaughterhouse. This is what is speculation or trading. You buy an asset,
wait till the price increases, then sell it off in the market for a
profit. This is how capital gain investing works.
On the other hand in a dairy farm the asset is also cattle. Here
too the cattle are bred and reared but they are not sold to the
slaughterhouse. The cattle have a long-term use; they are used to
obtain a regular supply of milk.
In both cases the asset is the same but it is used differently—
one for meat and the other for milk. Similarly, in the investment
world some people use stocks for capital gains by trading while
others use stocks for cash flow by investing long-term.

The Law of the Farm
Stock market investing is all about managing the rewards
associated with the risks undertaken. Without risk there is no
return. Invest you must but before that you must bear in mind
the law of the farm. You reap what you sow but the crop is also
subjected to the changing seasons. The seed has to endure summer,
rain, winter and spring before it turns into a full-blown tree. Stock
market investments also work that way. There are no short cuts.
If we invest in the right stocks with the right business model and
fundamentals, over the long run we are assured of optimum
returns. However, to do this requires patience and we have to go
through the ups and downs but it is important to stay the course.
Getting carried away by the greed of quick returns ultimately
destroys wealth, as it does not conform to the law of nature.
Many of us forget that nature and society are one.

A Good Strategy
There is nothing wrong in speculation as such. On the
contrary it is beneficial in two ways. Firstly, without speculation
untested new companies like Infosys, Satyam, and in earlier times

INVESTMENT STRATEGY: INVESTMENT AND SPECULATION 15

companies like Reliance, would never have been able to raise the
necessary capital for expansion. The tempting chance of a huge
gain is the grease that lubricates the machinery of innovation.
Secondly, the risk is exchanged every time the stock is sold and
bought, but it is never eliminated. When the buyer buys a stock
he takes the primary risk that the stock will go down. However,
the seller still retains the residual risk of the chance that the stock
he sold may go up.
However, speculating can go wrong4 if people:
n

do not understand the difference between investing and
speculating,

n

speculate without the right knowledge and skill,

n

speculate beyond their capacity to take a loss (that is called
margin trading).

The greatest problem today is that most investors are acquiring
speculative habits believing that they are investing. The attraction
of quick money and the advent of the futures market have lured
them to margin trading. For a number of people, this has become
a full-time occupation due to the advent of the Internet and online
trading. This could be bad news especially when they are dealing
with their life savings.

Risk-Reward Balance
The important thing to remember is that investing is all
about risk and reward. The higher the risk the greater the reward,
and vice versa. The investor needs to select the right balance
when choosing an investment vehicle and the strategy. During
the IT sector boom, the stock prices of IT companies were going
up by leaps and bounds and people were buying such stocks at
any price thinking that the price would go up. There was no
rationality as to the value and the price. People were thus only
buying risk. There was no effort to balance the risk reward ratio.
We all know the fate of various IT investors when the markets
crashed.

16

STOCKS TO RICHES

In March 2003, when the Iraq war was on, the markets were
very down and some of the stocks were available at ridiculously
low valuations. The dividend yield was also very high. The price
to earnings (PE) ratios were attractive. This was the time to invest
in good stocks as one would be only buying reward and the risk
would be minimal. The risk reward ratio would be in the investor’s
favour.

Nothing is Right or Wrong
Here are certain facts which prove the point that longterm investment is very rewarding and that patience is a virtue in
equity markets. Three companies (and there are several others),
that have given excellent long-term returns to investors who bought
stocks over a decade ago and held on to them, are Hindustan
Lever, Hero Honda and Infosys.
Hindustan Lever has given a compounded annual growth rate
(CAGR) of 21 per cent in returns for the last 13 years, whereas
Hero Honda has given 41 per cent CAGR to shareholders on
their investments during the same period. Infosys has delivered
an astounding 79 per cent annual return to shareholders since its
listing 11 years ago. All these figures include dividends. As we
can see this is far higher than the returns available on any other
investment avenue like bonds or bank deposits.
However, this does not mean that these stocks have only gone
one way, that is upwards. They have had pretty serious declines
at various points of time, but despite that the long-term results
from owning them have been impressive. Hindustan Lever has
been falling for the last two years, Infosys had a very sharp decline
after the bursting of the bubble in technology stocks, and Hero
Honda also fell significantly in early 2003 when its quarterly sales
slowed down.
Short-term investments can also be rewarding for the speculator
who is able to take big risks and time the markets. Take the case
of a speculator who had bought Infosys at Rs. 2,000 when the
market started moving up, and sold it when it went to Rs. 13,800

INVESTMENT STRATEGY: INVESTMENT AND SPECULATION 17

within a year and a half. He made tremendous gains and he
laughed at the investor who held on to the stock since the
beginning and got a return of 79 per cent CAGR. A speculator
could have short sold Hindustan Lever at Rs. 210 in November
2003 and recovered it at Rs. 120 in August 2004 making a return
that even a long-term investor in Hindustan Lever would envy.
Speculators do make a killing, as some would have definitely
done during the various periods of the boom and the bust cycles.
The only rider is, can they do it consistently over time? A lot of
speculators could have made more money than the long-term
investors on the above stocks. So it is difficult to say which strategy
is good and which is bad. It depends upon the individual’s mental
attitude, discipline, risk-taking ability and patience.
This conclusively proves a few points namely:
n

Long-term investing can be very rewarding if you buy the
right company at the right price,

n

A stock can decline significantly in the short run and yet
give a decent long-term return,

n

Short-term investing (speculation) can also be very rewarding
if you are able to time the markets and take advantage of
short-term volatility.
Table 2.1

Compounded Annual Growth Rate of Infosys Technologies
Ltd.
(Rupees in crores)

Year ended
March

Net Profit

Market Cap
as on March 31st

PE Ratio

2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
CAGR

294
629
808
958
1243
43%

58900
27012
24713
26763
32908
–14%

200
43
31
28
26

18

STOCKS TO RICHES

As can be seen from the above table, even though the net
profit of Infosys has grown at 43 per cent CAGR, 2000–2004, the
market capitalisation has fallen by 14 per cent CAGR in the same
period. This is the impact on investors when a good business is
bought at irrational prices. The PE ratio has continuously declined.
So, if one had bought the stock at a higher price in 2000 he would
be losing money in spite of the company showing improved
performance. This is the risk one takes when one is speculating.
Most of the IT experts and fund managers ignored Benjamin
Graham’s words of warning: “Obvious prospects for physical
growth in a business do not translate into obvious profits for
investors.”
In today’s changing times there is so much of uncertainty that
looking at the long-term approach seems unviable. Hence the
stock markets have become the bedrock of brute speculation.
This is the reason for so much volatility. It is also turning longterm investors into short-term punters. This is how the investment
world works today. If you want to be a successful investor there
are three ways of investing. Chapter 3 looks at the best way to
invest.

References
1. Graham and Dodd, Security Analysis, McGraw-Hill.
2. Williams, John Burr, The Theory of Investment Value, 1997,
Fraser Publishing, Cambridge, Harvard University Press.
3. Kiyosaki, Robert T. and Sharon L. Lechter, Who Took My
Money, Warner Books.
4. Graham, Benjamin, The Intelligent Investor, updated with new
commentary by Jason Zweig, pp. 21, Harper.

CHAPTER

THREE WAYS OF
INVESTING

3

There are three ways by which an investor can invest to achieve
superior results. One is intellectually difficult, the second is
physically difficult and the third is emotionally difficult.1

The Intellectually Difficult Path
Investors like Warren Buffet, Charlie Munger, John
Templeton, and a few others have taken the intellectually difficult
path of beating the markets. This path is pursued by those who
have a profound understanding of investing, can see future trends
clearly, and can comprehend business and the environment. They
know that patience is a virtue and therefore take long-term positions. We admire them but usually in retrospect. Initially, we may
see them as being misguided, but that is only because of our
inability to grasp their point of view.
This method is all about the cash flow approach. It is the most
difficult path as it requires a keen mind to study the different
concepts of investing—how different businesses work, and how
economic policies and market forces affect the business
environment. A good grasp of the various fields of management
is required to understand organisations and their ability to capitalise
on various business opportunities. A good knowledge of the field
of liberal arts is basic to the development of various investment
concepts. Here the name of the game is patience. Such investors
are always on the lookout for good opportunities and bargain
prices. As long-term investors, they are willing to wait for them.
They are not perturbed by events, news, rumours and gossip that
create short-term volatilities. They have a strong belief in their
abilities and, since their goal is investing long-term for cash flows

20

STOCKS TO RICHES

as against capital gains, they are in no hurry to invest. They
strongly believe that opportunities are always there but that when
the biggest of them come, one must have the money to invest.
They are therefore, very careful about allocating resources. They
never buy on impulse. They can be out of the market for months,
even years. They have the patience to wait till the right moment.
Brokers usually do not like such investors as they do not churn
their portfolios regularly. Intellectual investors are also emotionally
strong. That is the reason they are able to exercise such restraint.
We all want to be such investors but we cannot, as we believe
that we are not all as intellectually blessed as they are. This is a
wrong notion. The reason they are intellectually capable is because
they work hard and make the effort to reach that stage. They
constantly explore opportunities by talking with managements,
examining different viewpoints on business, trying to understand
economic policies and its effect on business environment, etc.
Their intellectual capability is derived from their hard work and
their strong belief in the long-term approach to investments.
Moreover, they use common sense in their judgements and are
not swayed by rumours.

The Physically Difficult Path
Most people are deeply involved in the physically
difficult way of beating the markets. They come early to the office
and stay late. They do not know what their children are doing as
they don’t have time for them. They choose work over the family.
They carry with them all the newspapers to read whenever time
permits. They are always busy with breakfast meetings, more
luncheon meetings and even more dinner meetings. Their talk
revolves round finding the next best investment opportunity to
make money. They visit companies and plants and talk with the
management. They keep in touch with a number of brokers as
they believe it will increase their efficiency in the stock markets.
They are overloaded with information. They are constantly on
the telephone making calls and receiving more calls though most
of the time the answering machine takes the calls. They

THREE WAYS OF INVESTING 21

continuously monitor stock price movements. At the office they
scan their terminals and the CNBC news for market movements,
and at home they keep tabs on the NASDAQ. They carry home
huge reports to read before the next day. When they are on the
move, they are busy on their mobile phones. Market gossip excites
them and they make decisions based on rumours. News regarding
political developments, monsoon forecasts, inflation figures, change
in a minister’s portfolio, and GDP growth figures play an important
role in their lives. They tend to time the markets on such news. In
every way they expend tremendous physical energy and effort to
beat the market by outmanoeuvring the competition. But they
don’t realise that others are also doing the same.
My experience in the stock market dealing with fund managers
has been really amusing. They sincerely believe that keeping
themselves busy this way makes them look important and increases
their ability to pick up the winners. Once I was at the office of a
fund manager and we were chatting informally. The telephone
rang but he did not answer it. After a couple of rings, the call
went to the answering machine. This is how most of them behave.
Show the world they are busy.
The day traders also take the physically difficult path of
investing. They spend the entire day collecting information and
make decisions based on that information. So, with all the fund
managers and the day traders treading the same path, how can
any one of them achieve better results?
Good opportunities come once in a while and you spot them
only when you are cool and have the time to think. The physically
difficult path is based on the assumption that there are a lot of
opportunities out there and you have to keep digging hard to be
successful at investing. The current volatility in the markets is the
result of too many people trying to invest by this method. Life is
simple. We make it complicated.

The Emotionally Difficult Path
Most of us may find the intellectually and the physically
difficult paths too daunting. In that case we could opt for what is

22

STOCKS TO RICHES

called the emotionally difficult path. Actually, this path is very
straightforward. Simply work out a long-term investment policy
that is right for you and be committed to it. This is how you do it.
When your friends or your broker tell you about a great investment
opportunity and they say it is a great time to buy, don’t buy.
When the newspapers report big investment opportunities, be
wary of such news. When your neighbours tell of how the stock
markets have made them rich in the last couple of months, don’t
be tempted. When your banker offers credit facility against your
shares to buy more shares, stay calm and unconcerned.
When analysts on TV tell you that the market is going to crash
and that stock prices will nose dive, don’t sell. When newspapers
report a bear phase and tell you to liquidate your portfolio, don’t
sell. When your neighbours exit the stock markets, don’t follow
them. When your broker tells you to sell as he sees bad times
ahead, do not listen to his advice and sell. Emotional discipline is
the most difficult. It is not easy to control your emotions and go
against the herd. But you need to believe in yourself and the
investment policy to which you are committed. It often pays to
go against popular opinion. The emotionally difficult path like the
intellectually difficult path lays stress on the virtue of patience.
Both are based on the view that the long-term approach to
investments is the only strategy that can enrich investors and
increase their wealth. The stress is on the cash flow approach.
Patience focuses an investor’s attention on the goal of compounding
money over a long period. It can be magic even when the rate is
modest. To give an example: If one were to compound money at
a modest rate of seven per cent the money would double at the
end of 10 years and it would be 16 times at the end of 40 years.
Patience also helps you to control transaction costs. The more
you churn your portfolio the more you pay the broker in terms of
brokerage and off course the government in terms of taxes on
your capital gains. Then you also have costs like depository
charges, transaction tax and service tax. All these costs could be
avoided if one has patience.
The emotionally difficult path requires an understanding of
how our emotions guide our decision-making especially when we
deal with money. Our emotions directly affect our decisions on

THREE WAYS OF INVESTING 23

investments and expenditure. We have to learn to think with our
emotions rather than have our emotions do the thinking.
Understanding our own anomalies as also that of others will help
us become better investors. In the next four chapters we will
learn how to use our emotions to our benefit.

Why is Investing so Difficult
The most difficult part of investing, is understanding
the behaviour of the stock markets. Market fluctuations are based
on the varied opinions expressed by its participants, which in
turn are subject to change commensurate with the changing
sentiments of people. It’s the crowd behaviour that dominates the
decision-making and is responsible for the sudden changes in the
sentiments. Take for instance the black Monday in May 2004.
The markets lost around 700 points when the elections brought
the Congress to power. What precipitated this huge fall? Had
anything gone drastically wrong with the performance of the
companies whose stock prices crashed? Definitely not. But the
sentiment changed. The BJP being voted out of power was a big
change and normally we do not like changes. Hence there was
gloom all around and people dumped stocks as though there was
no future. The herd mentality was at work and the markets crashed
as each one wanted to get out faster than his neighbour. If you
were emotionally strong and you had bought when the others
were panicking, you would have ended making a huge fortune.
But this seems easy only in hindsight. At that point of time to go
against the crowd is the most difficult but the most sensible thing
to do. Understanding behavioural science is the key to success in
the financial markets. Its application not only helps you control
your emotions but also helps you to understand other’s emotions
and benefit from their mistakes.

Reference
1. Charles D. Ellis, Investor’s Anthology, address to the Empire
Club in Toronto, 1998.

CHAPTER

INTRODUCTION TO
BEHAVIOURAL FINANCE

4

“With such positive news from the company why is the stock going
down?”
“I am a qualified chartered accountant. I went through the financials
of the company and I feel that at the current price, the stock is too
expensive. I would not buy it nor recommend the same to anybody. But
I am surprised that in the last two weeks the stock is up 15 per cent.”
“My friend works with this company. He told me that it was doing
exceedingly well and that they have export orders worth crores in hand.
So I bought the stock. It’s six months and I have been waiting but the
stock is going down.”
“The company has announced a 1:1 bonus. It’s good news so I bought
the stock. But the stock went down instead of going up like I thought it
would.”
“I read the morning’s newspapers and was impressed by the Finance
Minister’s speech and his intention to give sops to the economy. The
markets greeted the news positively and went up so I bought stocks. The
next day the markets were down for no reason and I lost on my
investment.”
“I heard the experts’ comments on TV on the current budget presented
by the Finance Minister. They were not very happy with it. I sold my
stocks only to find that within a week the markets were up 10 per cent.
I don’t know why I sold my stocks which I had been holding for the last
four years.”
“I cannot understand the markets. I would rather stay away.”
Aren’t all these statements familiar? You have heard them or
perhaps made them yourself. In an ever changing and uncertain
world we are trying to find some predictability where none exists.
The easiest thing to do is to avoid such irrational markets. But

INTRODUCTION TO BEHAVIOURAL FINANCE 25

then you would be missing out on one of the most favourable
modes of investment. My sincere advice would be to catch the
bull by the horns. Confront the problem rather than run away
from it. Try to understand why this happens to most people
instead of wondering why it is happening to you. Here is my
story.
During the IT bubble I too found myself bewildered and
confused. The valuations of the dotcom businesses and IT stocks
seemed highly inflated. Pundits in the market and the media were
pontificating on the “new economy” and giving convoluted
justifications for what appeared to be sheer insanity. I wondered,
was the entire world mad and I the only one left sane, or was I
insane and the world perfectly rational?
I had a client who had invested around Rs. 70 lakhs in different
IT stocks in 1998 on his friend’s recommendation. In 1999, his
portfolio value was around Rs.3 crores. When he asked for my
advice I told him to sell as I thought that the PE multiples were
very high and the valuations seemed far too stretched. He did not
do so and six months later when we met he informed me that the
portfolio value was around Rs.6 crores. Once again he asked me
what he should do. I was a bit embarrassed by the question, as I
knew that he was not asking for advice but telling me indirectly
that I was not in sync with the markets. I still insisted that he sell
but he did not. Sometime later the portfolio value went up to Rs.8
crores.
This was the frustration I had to go through, of being in the
investment business and not being able to advise clients correctly.
There were times I had sleepless nights fearing that the world was
going too fast for me to understand. I doubted my abilities, my
competencies and my knowledge. The inability to understand the
madness added to the frustration. In fact, I lost quite a few clients
as they thought that I was too conservative and not in tune with
the new economy.
To find an answer to this question I did some serious soul
searching. My quest led to a fledgling, little known field called
Behavioural Finance. This is where anthropology meets economics,
and psychology intersects finance. Untaught in MBA curriculum
across the world, it remains the domain of a few gurus and special
interest groups.

26

STOCKS TO RICHES

After an extensive study of the literature available on the subject
I started observing my own behaviour when it came to decisions
regarding money matters. Of course this had more to do with
investing as it happens to be my profession. I also studied the
behaviour of my institutional and retail clients when they made
their investment decisions. As an intermediary I came across many
cases of irrational behaviour and this pushed me to pursue a
deeper understanding of this field. The examples given in this
book are all drawn from my dealings with my clients, friends,
colleagues and associates.

If Investments do Well, Why do
Investors Fare Poorly?
Table 4.1

Returns 19842004

Equity

PPF

Cash

15.8%

11.2%

4%

Studies of different types of investments over the past 20 years
show that equities have done exceedingly well with returns of
15.80 per cent. Yet whenever we ask investors about their
performance, the majority say that equity investments are risky
and they have lost money in the stock market. They always curse
the volatility and blame it for their losses. Even well educated
investors with an above average IQ do not do well on the stock
markets. It’s a paradox that while equity investments have done
well investors have done poorly. The reality is that human beings
make decisions not only with their minds but also with their
hearts. Our emotions define us and we make most of our life
decisions on purely emotional considerations. Our logic and
rationale only retrospectively justify these decisions; they do not
determine them. Our emotions are subject to change rapidly and
this affects our behaviour and decision-making.

INTRODUCTION TO BEHAVIOURAL FINANCE 27

Emotions Change Paradigms
This is a true story of a friend who ran a coaching class with
one of his colleagues. They started off well and within a couple of
months they were full to capacity. After six months a few students
complained to my friend about his colleague’s rude behaviour.
The allegation was that he was very short-tempered and arrogant.
They wanted him removed or else they would discontinue the
classes. My friend was worried. His colleague was his partner and
he could not be removed. Moreover he was a brilliant professional
and an able tutor. After a couple of weeks the colleague fell ill
and was absent for some time. The students were very happy.
They thought that they had been successful in removing him.
One day my friend learned that the colleague had brain tumour
and needed an operation. This news shocked my friend, as now
his partner would be out of action for quite some time. He
informed the students of this calamity. The students were stunned
and this shock changed their attitude. Hatred and resentment
gave way to empathy and love. They visited him at the hospital
and took him flowers. They repented their stand and prayed for
his early recovery so that he could come back to teach.
The purpose of this story is to understand that as humans we
are emotional beings and our behaviour and decisions are guided
by our emotions. Frequently emotions prompt us to make decisions

28

STOCKS TO RICHES

that may not be in our rational financial interest. Indeed, decisions
that enrich us emotionally may impoverish us financially.
Behavioural finance is the study of how emotions and cognitive
errors can cause disasters in our financial affairs.

Classical Economic Theory v/s
Behavioural Economic Theory
The Classical Economic Theory talks about efficiency
of the markets and people making rational decisions to maximise
their profits. It assumes that the markets are efficient and no one
can take advantage of its movements. It also assumes that humans
are rational beings and will act to maximise their gains. However
behavioural economists believe that the markets are inefficient
and human beings are not rational beings.
Consider this example. If you and I were walking down a busy
street in Colaba and you said you saw a Rs. 5 coin on the road, I
would says it’s impossible. So many people walk this road and
the markets being efficient someone would have definitely picked
it up. But in reality we do come across such instances. This shows
that the markets are not as efficient as they seem to be. Further,
if we assume that people make rational decisions to maximise
profits then how do we explain people giving to charities or
throwing a party to celebrate a birthday or an anniversary?
Definitely this is not about maximising profits by rational people.
Here’s another example of how irrational we can be. The
acronym TIPS stands for: To Insure Prompt Service. If tips ensure
good service we should be tipping before the service starts. Yet,
we give tips at the end of the meal. We even give tips when the
service is substandard. Tipping is more a custom. We do it
mechanically, unaware that we are behaving irrationally. Yet, in
economic theory we are rational beings always intent on
maximising our economic status. This is a common mistake we
make without realising its pure economic implications.

INTRODUCTION TO BEHAVIOURAL FINANCE 29

Behavioural finance researchers seek to bridge the gap between
classical economics and psychology to explain how and why people
and markets do what they do. Behavioural finance raises a couple
of important issues for investors. The first is whether or not it is
possible to systematically exploit irrational market behaviour when
it occurs. The second issue is how to avoid making sub-optimal
decisions as an investor. The goal is to close the gap between how
we actually make decisions and how we should make decisions.
In the stock markets, behavioural finance explains why we:
n

hold on to stocks that are crashing;

n

sell stocks that are rising;

n

ridiculously overvalue and undervalue stocks;

n

jump in late and buy stocks that have peaked in a rally just
before the price declines;

n

take desperate risks and gamble wildly when our stocks fall;

n

avoid taking the reasonable risk of buying promising stocks
unless there is an absolutely ‘assured’ profit;

n

never find the right price to buy and sell stock;

n

prefer fixed income over stocks;

n

buy when we have to sell and sell when we should be buying;

n

buy because others are buying and sell because others are
selling.

Psychology can play a strategic role in the financial markets, a
fact that is being increasingly recognised. Students and proponents
of behavioural finance create investment strategies that capitalise
on irrational investor behaviour. They seek to identify market
conditions in which investors are likely to overreact or under
react to new information. These mistakes cause under priced or
overpriced securities. The goal of behavioural finance strategies is
to invest in or disinvest from these securities before most investors
recognise their error, and to benefit from the subsequent jump or
fall in prices once they do.

30

STOCKS TO RICHES

The Three Sources of Alpha for
Superior Performance
Today, all intelligent investors depend on informationbased strategies. A few decades back, the traditional managers
were able to get information on companies faster than their peers
by virtue of their superior relationships with the insiders in the
companies, the politicians, bureaucrats, etc. The ability to get first
hand information was the competitive edge. This enabled them
to make superior returns in the stock markets.
Times changed, and with the progress of computer technology,
large amounts of information could be processed quickly. The
assimilation of information became easy due to faster
communication channels and the advent of the Internet. The new
competitive edge needed not only a quick access to information,
but also the ability to process loads of information in the shortest
possible time. Spreadsheets became the order of the day. Over
time, this edge became a commodity, as Moore’s law has enabled
broader use of computing technologies due to their ever-falling
prices.
The world has changed with the advent of the Internet and fast
technological advances. We now have real time information—
opinions from across the globe can be expressed together in real
time on chat sites. There is an information overload which brings
chaos. The quantum and speed add to the confusion. The human
mind is faced with continuous decision-making and this overload
leads to emotional decisions out of fear and greed. Thus,
understanding human behaviour and identifying mispriced
securities due to such behaviour is the new competitive edge.
The recent stock market volatility and the losses suffered by so
many investors calls for a drastic change in the way we look at
the stock markets. From this great crisis arises a greater opportunity
to embrace the new concepts of behavioural finance as a strategy.
In the year 2002, the Nobel Prize for Economics was conferred
on Daniel Kahneman, who, along with Amos Twersky, outlined
the Prospect Theory, one of the key pillars of behavioural finance.

INTRODUCTION TO BEHAVIOURAL FINANCE 31

FIGURE 4.1

Three Sources of Alpha

It is heartening to note that the highest prize for economics went
to behavioural economists. Such encouragement is likely to bring
behavioural finance from the domain of a select few to the
mainstream of economics and finance.
Let’s move on. Chapters 5, 6, 7, and 8 detail common
behavioural anomalies and the steps needed to overcome them.
This understanding will definitely help you to be a better investor
than you currently are.

CHAPTER

LOSS AVERSION AND
SUNK COST FALLACY

5

“I will tell you how to become rich. Close the doors. Be fearful when
others are greedy. Be greedy when others are fearful”
—Warren Buffet lecturing to a group
of students at Columbia University
“Most of the time, common stocks are subject to irrational and excessive
price fluctuations in both directions as a consequence of the ingrained
tendency of most people to speculate or gamble… to give way to hope, fear,
and greed”
—Benjamin Graham
We have all heard about investors’ greed when the stock markets
are in a bull phase and their fear when the markets are falling. It
is important, therefore, to understand how these emotions of greed
and fear impact our thinking and make us act in ways that are
contrary to our financial interests. How do we make decisions
when faced with risk? How do fear of losing and greed for gains
impact our decision-making? This is best captured in the risk
analysis expounded by Daniel Kahneman and Amos Tversky1.
Prospect Theory is one of the pillars upon which the whole of
behavioural economics rests. A brief exposition of this theory will
enable us to understand our strong emotions of fear and greed.
As far as our feelings toward our losses are concerned, we
suffer from two behavioural anomalies: Loss Aversion, that is
our fear of losing, and Sunk Cost Fallacy, that is our inability to
forget money already spent.
As far as our feelings toward gains are concerned, we suffer
from Status Quo Bias, that is our inability to make decisions,
and the Endowment Effect, that is the tendency to fall in love
with what we own and thus resist change.

LOSS AVERSION AND SUNK COST FALLACY

33

Loss Aversion
“I want to play it safe. I don’t want my capital wiped away. I
would rather invest my money in fixed income securities.”
—A client Ramesh in 2002.
“Stock markets are not for me, especially when I know how people got
wiped out in the tech boom. I’ve got a family to support. I am happy
earning six per cent in a bank deposit. At least I know my money is safe.”
—Mr. Gandhi’s comment in 2001.
“I had bought Visual Soft at Rs.3000. I saw a high of Rs.9500. Now it
is Rs.400. I will hold on to it. I am a long-term investor.”
—Sudhir the trader’s adamant attitude in 2001.
“I participated in the tech sector boom. I booked my profits in Infosys and
Wipro early, but I still hold Pentafour, Satyam, Global and Aftek. I
could not sell because after I bought they never went above my cost price.”
—Mrs. Arora brooding over her
inability to book losses.
“I had 30 per cent of my portfolio in the technology stocks. When the
stocks fell I gradually increased my commitment and today it is 100 per
cent. I know that over a period of time I will recover my losses. The stocks
are bound to rebound.”
—Mr. Kanan, a very knowledgeable
investor doubling his bets.
The above statements are just a sample of how people react to
the stock markets. Maybe you, too, have thought and acted on
the same lines. Well, not for long. You will soon change your
thinking as you read on.
Let’s take a look at the following two scenarios.
Scenario 1: You are given Rs. 1000 and two options:
A. Guaranteed win of Rs. 500.
B. Flip of a coin. If it’s heads you get Rs. 1000 and if it
is tails you get nothing.
Which option will you choose? Now lets go to Scenario 2.

34

STOCKS TO RICHES

Scenario 2: You are given Rs. 2000 and two options:
A. Guaranteed loss of Rs. 500.
B. Flip of a coin. If it’s tails you lose Rs. 1000 and if it
is heads you lose nothing.
Which option will you choose?
Research suggests it’s more than likely you chose option A in
Scenario1, because there was a guaranteed win of Rs. 500. You
acted conservatively and took the opportunity to lock in sure
profits. But in Scenario 2 you would most likely choose option B
because you did not want to be confronted with a guaranteed loss
of Rs. 500. Hence you were willing to take more risks if it meant
avoiding losses. It is this bias which makes gamblers so popular
with the casinos.
Why is it that when confronted with a sure profit we become
conservative and when confronted with a loss we tend to take
more risks? It’s because the pain of a loss is three times more
than the pleasure of an equal amount of gain. Over time pain
becomes terrifying and pleasure becomes boring. Consider this.
You get an electric shock while using your TV. That will scare
you and you will avoid going near the TV till the fault is set right.
Now contrast this with the pleasure you get when you buy a car
for the first time. After a while you get bored with it and you long
for a better and bigger car. It never stops. Your desires keep
upgrading because pleasure over time becomes boring.
We tend to see losses and profits in isolation and that is the
reason we are more prone to suffer from loss aversion. Hence, we
should not view different stocks or different classes of assets
individually but as part of the portfolio as a whole. For example,
suppose there is a decline of 10 per cent in equities and a rise of
eight per cent in bonds, we should look at the overall effect which
is only two per cent. Or take the case of a portfolio with 10
stocks, each valued at Rupees one lakh. If two stocks depreciate
by 50 per cent, the overall effect on the portfolio is only 10 per
cent. But if we were to look at the stocks in isolation we would see
it as two stocks losing 50 per cent in value. That’s a big shock,
and we could make decisions that we repent later.

LOSS AVERSION AND SUNK COST FALLACY

35

In the scenarios mentioned earlier, if we looked at the final financial
position after exercising the options, the automatic choice would
be option A in both cases as it would leave us with Rs.1500.

Impact of Loss Aversion
A. Investors tend to prefer fixed income investments to
stocks. Witness the period after the bursting of the dotcom
bubble till the beginning of 2003. Everyone was so afraid of
losing that they preferred to stay invested in fixed income
securities. They shunned equities although that was the best
time to invest because of attractive valuations and good
dividend yields. The pain of investors losing fortunes in
technology stocks was so vivid and true that investors were
not willing to risk anything in the stock markets. The emotion
of fear was so strong it created loss aversion. Actually the
right time to invest is when others are scared.
B. Investors tend to take their profits very early. To be
successful in the stock markets it is important to ride the
winners and discard the losers. However, loss aversion makes
us ultra conservative so we book profits very early. We all
suffer from loss aversion and that is the reason we find that
winners get small amount of profits and losers pile up huge
losses. Winning streaks tend to be short-lived.
C. Investors take more risks when threatened with a loss.
They tend to lose their balance when confronted with a loss
and become more daring and venturesome. This is not due
to courage but because of madness caused by the pain of a
loss. One of our clients bought 10 low valued stocks all
quoting below par. When I questioned his wisdom of putting
his hard-earned money in such stocks, he replied that if just
a couple of them turned out to be multi-baggers he would
make good money. He believed so strongly in his strategy
that he held on to over a hundred such junk stocks in the
hope that one day he would make it big. Since he was losing
he kept taking bigger risks and increased his exposure.

36

STOCKS TO RICHES

D. Investors tend to hold on to losers and sell winners. A
portfolio of stocks with a few winners at the top followed by
a long list of losers is not uncommon. As discussed earlier it
is because we go for sure gains and take more risks when
threatened with a loss. So if you have one such portfolio you
need to know that your decision-making is being controlled
by loss aversion. Instead of riding the winners you are riding
the losers.
E. Tax Aversion. People are always wary of paying taxes.
This is also one sort of loss aversion. Tax is an outflow and is
considered to be a loss. But in reality we pay tax on our
income. We need a change of mindset. Always count your
income net of taxes. This will enable you to avoid tax aversion
arising out of loss aversion.
Going back to our examples at the beginning of this chapter,
let us understand how each person reacted to loss aversion.
Ramesh and Mr. Gandhi were so averse to loss that they opted
for fixed income securities and bank deposits. Of course if we
take into account the ravages of inflation then both of them had
opted for a guaranteed losing proposition—return of around six
per cent as against a government reported inflation of around
eight per cent. Under the excuse of being a long-term investor
Sudhir held on to the loser. Mrs. Arora sold the winners too early
and, contrarily held on to the losers. Mr. Kanan’s fear of losing
saw him take higher risks until he had put 100 per cent of his
portfolio in tech stocks. Now there’s nothing wrong with tech
stocks. But in his case he had put aside the asset allocation theory
of diversification and increased his chances of losing.
An over sensitivity to loss can also have negative consequences.
One area in which loss aversion skews judgement is investing. In
the short-term investors, being especially sensitive to loss,
contribute to the panic selling that accompanies stock market
crashes. This is what happened in May 2004 when the markets
tumbled and the BSE Sensex was down by over 700 points in just
two trading sessions. Investors over-reacted as the injured wanted
to cut their losses. This precipitated the fall steeply. However, a
couple of days later these investors experienced a different kind
of pain when the stock market climbed again. By pulling out of

LOSS AVERSION AND SUNK COST FALLACY

37

the stock markets in reaction to short-term drops you run the
greater risk of missing out on the more productive and profitable
days.
The idea that investors are not risk averse but loss averse is
one of the main tenets of behavioural finance. While the distinction
might seem trivial, studies have shown that investors will increase
their risk, defined in terms of uncertainty, to avoid the smallest
probability of loss. It is not so much that people hate uncertainty,
but rather that they hate losing.

Sunk Cost Fallacy
1. Investor:

I have invested in Sterlite Optic. It is a great stock. I
have read about the telecom boom and I am sure this
is right.

Broker:

The telecom craze has ended, there is overcapacity
and the story is over. The stock is going down as the
industry fundamentals have changed.

Investor:

So what, I will buy more and bring down my cost of
purchase. I know it was a great stock. Please buy
2000 Sterlite Optic.

2. Housewife:

I thought investing was fun so I enrolled for these
classes. I think I have made a mistake as I feel I am
not cut out for this. But I will complete the course as
I have already paid the fees and they don’t have a
refund policy.

3. Student:

I am not interested in commerce.. I took it because I
wanted to be with my friends. I know I have made a
big mistake. But since I have already completed three
years, I would rather complete the rest and take the
degree.

4. Businessman: In the last two years I have spent so much money on
car repairs, I would have been better off buying a
new one.

38

STOCKS TO RICHES

5. Teenager:

Oh, what a boring book. I should not have wasted my
money on it. With great difficulty I read the first 30
pages. I still have 400 more pages but I hope to
complete that by the end of this week.

6. Day Trader: It’s really tough to make money in such volatile markets.
I should not have got this terminal at home. It’s a
fixed expense every month, and I have to trade everyday
so that I can at least recover my fixed costs.
Why do people do what they do not like? Is it not simpler to
choose not to do it?”
Now what would you do in the following two scenarios?
Scenario A: You have complimentary tickets for a Filmfare
Awards night. On the evening of the programme
there is a severe rainstorm and traffic is disrupted
due to floods. You have to travel from Colaba to
Andheri. Would you go? Yes or No.
Scenario B:

You have bought a ticket for a Filmfare Awards
night for Rs.1500. On the evening of the
programme there is a severe rainstorm and traffic
is disrupted due to floods. You have to travel from
Colaba to Andheri. Would you go? Yes or No.

Most people would go for the show if they had paid for the
tickets and would avoid it if they had received the same as
complimentary. Actually this distinction makes no sense as the
money for the ticket is already spent. You will not get it back
whether you go to the event or not. What we must really look at
is the additional risk we are taking by braving the storm and the
additional costs we may incur if the car is damaged or we fall
sick. The danger posed by the rainstorm is the same, whether the
tickets are free or paid for.
This particular type of loss aversion to which we all are prone
is what Richard Thaler described as the Sunk Cost Fallacy. You
increase your commitment to justify your past actions because
your ego is tied to the commitment.
Let’s go back to the statements given earlier. The investor made
a decision and does not want to admit that his decision has gone

LOSS AVERSION AND SUNK COST FALLACY

39

wrong. So to justify it he buys more stock and takes solace in that
he is bringing down his cost of purchase. The housewife goes
through the ordeal because she is already enrolled. She does not
consider the extra time, energy and money, by way of
transportation, she will spend to fulfil the original wrong choice.
The student takes his graduation because he has already completed
three years. Would he really learn much when he is not interested
in the subject? The businessman should have recognised that
there is something like the economic life of a car. Rather, he
chose to continue spending on repairs, as every time a new expense
came up he thought of the previous repair costs and thus went on
and on. The teenager has already spent on the book so he will
finish it howsoever boring and time consuming it is. The day
trader operates a business he knows will fail, but since he has
already incurred fixed expenses he will keep going.
Each of them had a choice. To do or not to do. However, they
continued doing what they don’t like because they wanted to
justify their previous actions. Also, they did not want to appear
wasteful and incompetent in their financial decisions.
But sunk cost fallacy can also help us in a positive way. For
example, a person joins a gym vowing to work out regularly.
Instead of paying daily charges if he were to take a yearly
membership, the sunk cost fallacy would help him to be regular,
as he has already expended the year’s fees. This serves as a
motivation to keep going.

Impact of Sunk Cost Fallacy
1. Averaging Cost of Purchase: Generally, when investors go wrong
in their purchase of stock they buy more at every fall. They
believe that this will bring down the cost of their purchase.
There is nothing wrong in that, provided they are confident
that the stock has great value. But if they buy only to justify
past actions, then they are prone to sunk cost fallacy.
2. Spending on Repairs: Two years ago you painted your old car.
Last year you replaced the tyres and changed the suspension.

40

STOCKS TO RICHES

This year the mechanic informs you that the engine needs
an overhaul. Every year you justify your spending on repairs
because of earlier expenditures when actually you need to
discard the car as it has reached the end of its economic life.
Maybe it is wiser to buy a new car. Spending on repairs is a
common sunk cost fallacy with most of us.
3. Government Spending on Unviable Projects: Bureaucratic
procedures have delayed a project and it has now become
unviable. But a lot of steel and cement have already reached
the site and the plans are ready. The initial fees of the
engineers have been paid. Since so much money has already
been spent the project is completed even though it is unviable.
This is how sunk cost fallacy works with governments.
The influence of sunk cost fallacy is evident in our day-to-day
lives. How many times have we not sat through a boring movie
just because we had bought the tickets? Here are some examples
of the impact of sunk cost fallacy.
At a buffet there are a variety of dishes as the restaurant has to
satisfy the palates of different types of people. Instead of exercising
our choice, we tend to overeat only because we have paid for it.
That is sunk cost fallacy working on us. The next time you go to a
buffet, remember your health is more important than the
indulgence.
It is not enough to understand the two behavioural anomalies
of loss aversion and sunk cost fallacy. We have to recognise our
own anomalies so we can improve ourselves and become better
investors.

Getting Out From Under
To find out whether you are you a victim of Loss Aversion and
Sunk Cost Fallacy answer these questions.
n

Do you prefer fixed income securities over stocks?

n

Are you tempted to move out of the markets when prices
fall?

LOSS AVERSION AND SUNK COST FALLACY

41

n

Does your portfolio consist of a few winners followed by a
long list of losers?

n

Do you sell your winners fast and hold on to losers?

n

Do you make important spending decisions based on your
past spending?

If your answer to all the questions is yes, then you are a victim
of Loss Aversion and Sunk Cost Fallacy. The following suggestions
will enable you to make wiser investment decisions in the future.

Check Your Appetite for Loss
Start with the assumption that you are probably more sensitive to
losing money than you actually think. This will help you to avoid
making decisions that you will regret later. Your earlier success
may not necessarily mean you have made smart decisions. It is
important to assess your level of loss aversion and risk tolerance
to improve your ability to make smart investments. As mentioned
earlier loss aversion can have two different reactions. The first
reaction is related to the pangs that come with stock market
volatility. Ask yourself whether you will exit the stock market at
the first sign of trouble. If tomorrow the market drops by 20 per
cent, will you be tempted to take your money out and invest in
bonds? If your answer is yes then your level of loss aversion is
high and you are not prepared for the ups and downs of the
market. The second reaction is to hold on to the losers and sell
the winners. Consider the following situation. You own Rs. 50000
worth of Wipro stock, which you bought for Rs. 25000, and
Rs. 50000 worth of TELCO stock, which you had bought for
Rs. 100000. Now you need Rs. 50000 urgently. Which stock would
you sell?
If you choose to sell Wipro then like most of us you suffer loss
aversion, which makes you sell the winners and hold on to the
losers. The best strategy under such circumstances would be to
sell half of each and avoid paying taxes.

Diversify within Asset Classes and Across Assets
The best way to avoid the pain of losing is to avoid losing money.
There is no foolproof solution to that but there are ways to

42

STOCKS TO RICHES

minimise the loss. One needs to not only diversify within asset
classes but also across different assets. A portfolio of equity stocks
can be diversified by limiting an individual stock exposure to
around 10 per cent and an industry exposure to around 20 per
cent. Similarly, all the wealth should not be put into one asset
class only; it could be distributed between stocks, bonds, real
estate, gold, mutual funds, etc. The idea is that a loss in one asset
could be offset by a gain in another. So you are less likely to react
emotionally and act foolishly on impulse. As discussed earlier,
taking an overall view of your portfolio helps you to avoid loss
aversion traps.

Total Portfolio Vision
We must avoid looking at gains and losses in isolation. We must
train ourselves to look at individual investments as a part of the
whole portfolio. This requires discipline. You could put your
information reports on a spreadsheet to get the big picture.
Secondly, it is important to have a solid investment philosophy
and a strategy in place. It’s best to put the investment plan down
on paper. For example, suppose you take an asset allocation
approach. Determine the portion of the portfolio to be invested
in stocks, bonds, real estate, etc. Write down the rationale behind
each investment particularly if it is stocks. Writing it down increases
your commitment to follow the course. In fact it is a way of using
sunk cost fallacy to your advantage because you are committing
yourself to the plan and will stick by it. When you identify your
goals and justify all your investments in the context of achieving
those goals you are less likely to react to the ups and downs of the
markets.

Let Bygones be Bygones
Very often our decisions are weighted down by our past actions.
It is best to forget the past but that is easier said than done. If
financially you can let bygones be bygones you will be that much
better off for trying. For example, suppose you are debating the
sale of an investment. Your goal should be maximisation of wealth,
not justifying your purchase. What is important is the worth of
the investment today. You need to evaluate the investment based
on its current potential for future gain or future loss. One way of

LOSS AVERSION AND SUNK COST FALLACY

43

doing it is to reframe past decisions. Assume that you can reverse
history and start anew. For example, you bought 1000 shares of
Sterlite Optic at Rs. 400 a share. The current price is Rs. 55. Ask
yourself whether you would buy Sterlite Optic at the current
price. If your answer is no, it is time for you to sell your holding.
If it is yes and you believe that the lower price is a bargain, hold
on and buy more.

Reframe Losses as Gains
We need to evaluate our investments individually with an eye on
our financial situation. If there is a loss look at the positive side.
You will be able to adjust it against your gains as it is tax deductible.
By viewing your potential loss as a gain (gain being the lower
amount of taxes you will pay) you master your loss aversion.

Segregate Gains and Integrate Losses
To multiply your happiness, divide your pleasures. Imagine the
joy of receiving Rs. 15,000 one week and another Rs. 10,000 next
week rather than getting Rs. 25,000 at one time. Of course you
cannot plan your gifts but you can plan some of life’s windfalls
and space them out. By the same logic since pain becomes
terrifying over time it is better to integrate your losses. When you
visit the dentist and have many cavaties to be filled do it in one
sitting. Don’t subject yourself to multiple traumas. Similarly when
you have to pay your taxes pay them in one go rather than in
instalments. Weber’s law implies that the pain of two moderately
bad experiences will typically exceed the pain of experiencing
both at one time. Use Weber’s law to your advantage.

Pay Less Attention to Your Investments
This is difficult when market volatility is on the rise. The point is
the more frequently we check our investments the more we feel
the urge to react to the ups and downs of the markets. For investors
who do not trade professionally. A six-month review of a portfolio
is frequent enough to make necessary adjustments in asset
allocation. Yes, one might miss a market dip or a rise but it is a
good trade off against peace of mind.

44

STOCKS TO RICHES

Fear and greed are two sides of the same coin. We have seen
how fear affects us when we are faced with losses. Now let’s go to
the next chapter to understand our behaviour when we are faced
with gains and greed drives us.

Reference
1. Daniel Kahneman and Amos Tversky, Prospect Theory: An
Analysis of Decisions under Risk, Econometrica, March 1979.

CHAPTER

DECISION PARALYSIS AND 6
THE ENDOWMENT EFFECT
Roopesh, a businessman, has come to meet with Satish, a portfolio
manager.
Roopesh:

I am a businessman. I have inherited from my father a
portfolio of various stocks. He was an investor and he died
five years ago. I’ve always wanted professional help on
handling my portfolio as I know nothing about stocks and
my own business keeps me busy.

Satish:

It would be a pleasure to construct a good portfolio for you.
I have been in this profession for the last 20 years and have
many high net worth individuals and corporates as my
clients. Could I have a list of your stocks?

Roopesh:

Here it is. Can we discuss it right now? I have already
wasted five years doing nothing.

Satish:

At a glance I can see that it is a very lopsided portfolio and
drastic changes are required to balance the industry
weightage. A number of stocks will have to be sold as they
are not viable. Had you done something about the portfolio
immediately after your father died you would not have been
saddled with so many junk stocks. Since we need to act
quickly I will put my comments on this sheet.

Roopesh:

Oh, thank you so much for understanding the urgency of the
situation and working on it right away. I will get everything
in order and meet up with you the day after tomorrow.

Satish:

That may not be possible as I am extremely busy. How
about next week?

Roopesh:

Satish, you know the urgency so please spare some time for
me. I will adjust my schedule.

46

STOCKS TO RICHES

Satish:

Is 4 p.m. okay with you?

Roopesh:

It’s perfect. Thanks for squeezing me in. I just need to get
over this. I am so indebted to you for your time.

They meet at the scheduled time.
Roopesh:

I did some homework and I have a few queries.

Satish:

Please go ahead. I will clarify all your doubts.

The meeting goes on for an hour. Initially, Roopesh’s questions
are the same but Satish is patient and clarifies all his doubts. The
meeting ends with Roopesh scheduling another appointment after a couple of days.
Roopesh:

Thank you once again for your time. You know how urgent
this is for me so before I finalise I brought my wife along so
that she too is clear about everything. Meet my wife Meena.

Satish:

Nice meeting you. Now what can I do for you? I hope your
husband has explained everything to you. If you have any
questions don’t hesitate to ask.

Meena:

I am just a housewife. I do not understand investments. My
husband insisted that I come as he wanted to finalise some
business with you. He told me that you are an expert in
your field and he trusts you very much. I am happy that he
has ultimately taken a decision after five years.

Roopesh:

Yes, I am glad I have met the right portfolio manager. Now
to complete the formalities and take action, shall we meet
tomorrow? Please give me an appointment as this matter is
my first priority.

Satish:

Okay. Since we will require time to finalise, let’s make it 6
p.m. tomorrow.

Roopesh:

Thank you very much. I will be there. I will bring my wife
too in case you need her signature. Goodbye.

Next morning Roopesh calls Satish’s secretary and asks her to
reschedule the meeting after two weeks, as he will be travelling
on business. The meeting is rescheduled for two weeks later.
Roopesh walks in with a gentleman.

DECISION PARALYSIS AND THE ENDOWMENT EFFECT

47

Roopesh:

Satish, meet my friend Atul. He is a leading chartered
accountant. Before finalising I thought he should meet with
you and you can clarify his doubts. I hope you don’t mind.

Satish:

Yes, Atul. Please go ahead with your questions.

Atul:

I have heard a lot about you. I have nothing to ask a
professional like you. I know Roopesh is in safe hands.
Roopesh, I know of Satish’s reputation and you can be
assured that you have got the best professional working for
you.

Roopesh:

Thank you. Now that Atul has given me the green signal I
do not have any hesitation. I will call tomorrow and fix a
time so that I can bring my wife and we can complete the
formalities.

The next day Roopesh calls Satish’s secretary and asks for an
appointment after three weeks as he has another urgent business
appointment. The secretary refuses to reschedule the appointment.
Why did the secretary do that, especially after Satish had spent
so many hours with a prospective client and the signing was a
near certainty? What do you make of Roopesh’s behaviour? Why
was he postponing his decision? Roopesh suffers from decision
paralysis. He cannot make decisions and is resilient to change.
Satish had lost trust in him. He guessed that nothing would make
him act. To buy time Roopesh went on a business trip, then
brought his wife along, and after that his friend Atul. His wife and
his friend were not even informed about the talk he had had with
Satish and neither was competent enough to ask Satish any
worthwhile questions. Though Roopesh harped on the urgency of
the matter and insisted that it was a top priority he just could not
decide what to do. Perhaps he has been behaving this way earlier
as well. He fears change, so he prefers maintaining the status quo.
He understands that he needs to take action but he cannot.
Loss aversion and sunk cost fallacy can lead us to take action
or, as the prospect theory explains, to avoid it or delay it. Loss
aversion together with several other factors such as fear of regret
and resistance to change can contribute to Decision Paralysis or
Status Quo Bias. This phenomenon hampers us in many areas of

48

STOCKS TO RICHES

life, from choosing an investment option to buying a house. Once
you are familiar with the complicated forces at play you will
understand why choice and change can be so intimidating.
A significant consequence of decision paralysis in financial
decisions is that by deferring purchase you may miss the
opportunity or run the risk of prices rising. Imagine there is a
very good house for sale. You like it because it suits all your
requirements and the price seems right. But you cannot decide
and opt to see a few more houses. With multiple choices, a decision
is difficult. As time passes another bidder enters the fray and you
lose the opportunity. Because of decision paralysis you lost the
house.
How often have you not seen a stock move up and regret you
did not buy it when you could at a much lower price? Or, despite
professional advice to sell before the prices crashed you missed
the opportunity because you could not take a decision on time.
Most times missed opportunities are a result of our inability to
decide at the appropriate time. Today, there are a large number
of investment options available in the capital markets. With over
7000 stocks listed on the stock exchanges and a battery of mutual
funds offering varied investment options decision-making becomes
that much harder.

Taking Decisions
We have to understand that deciding not to take a
decision is also a decision. When we take a decision we give
ourselves a chance to move from the present comfort zone. Once
we do that we have a 50-50 chance of going right or wrong. If we
choose not to take a decision we miss this chance of going right.
Maintaining a status quo in times of continuous change is definitely
unwise. Another way of looking at decision paralysis is that it is a
natural human tendency to resist change.
The reasons we don’t take decisions are:
n

fear of going wrong

DECISION PARALYSIS AND THE ENDOWMENT EFFECT
n

the possibility of losing

n

to avoid looking foolish

n

unwillingness to take risks

49

All these reasons stem from our psychological and cognitive
defects. The most acute of these are loss aversion and egocentric
human nature. Along with that heuristics like regret avoidance
and belief perseverance also play a significant role in our mental
make-up.
Take the following illustration. You inherit from your rich uncle
Rs. 50 lakh and you want to invest it. You buy stocks, bonds,
fixed deposits, etc., according to your preference and needs. It is
simple—you have the money and you allocate across assets. But if
you were to inherit a portfolio of stocks amounting to Rs. 50 lakh,
what would you do? You need to make multiple choices. You
could sell the stocks in the portfolio and buy different stocks or
some bonds, etc., or you could leave the portfolio as it is. Most
people would choose to leave the portfolio as it is. They would
choose to maintain the status quo. When there are multiple options
one is more likely to delay an action or take no action at all. The
greater the choice, the harder the decision.
This happens frequently in the fund management industry. A
new fund manager takes charge of a mutual fund. The fund has
fared well under the stewardship of the previous fund manager.
The new fund manager has a difficult task on hand. He has
multiple choices. He could leave the portfolio as it is for the first
month, or revamp the portfolio with stocks of his own choosing,
or change the weightage of the portfolio, or give it an aggressive
touch, or adopt any other option. In most cases the fund manager
would adopt the first option. But since his job is to act decisively
he should realise that his performance will be judged from the
day of joining and inheriting the fund. However he could also fall
into the trap of benchmarking his performance to that of his
predecessor and thus fall prey to decision paralysis and status quo
bias.

50

STOCKS TO RICHES

Investing and Decision Paralysis
Decision paralysis plays an important role in financial matters
especially when you are dealing in the stock markets. The volatility
of the stock markets also adds to distorted human behaviour.
Most people would do nothing, or as we call it, maintain the
status quo. Here are some examples of decision paralysis at work.
1. During the IT boom stocks reached new heights. This went
on for over a year. Those who invested in tech stocks became
wealthy. A number of us, fund managers and clients, thought
that the markets were irrational and that the tech stocks
were priced high. However, everybody wanted to ride the
wave, confident that they would sell when the market
softened. A fund manager of a leading mutual fund who also
shared my opinion on the market valuations said he would
sell when the tide turned. His fund had a weightage of 80
per cent in the technology sector. When the market dropped
it did not go down in one go. It was gradual before the steep
fall came. Actually the fund manager should have sold when
the market began to weaken. He had been looking forward
to such a situation, yet when the time came for him to do it
he did not sell. He suffered decision paralysis and so did
millions of other investors who lost their fortunes in the tech
bust. It was greed that got them to that position. In chapter
four I mentioned a client who made huge profits in the tech
sector. I had consistently advised him to sell. He did not and
suffered a loss when he liquidated.
2. We all remember the story of Unit Trust of India (UTI) the
guardian to millions of Indian investors, corporates,
pensioners, widows, working class, etc. Established in 1964
it was the only Indian mutual fund where Indians invested
their savings. Operating in a socialistic environment the fund
was open-ended but not net asset value (NAV) based. It
consistently distributed dividends and the government
supposedly guaranteed repayment. One could enter and exit
at the prices made available by UTI itself. Liberalisation in
1991 and the entry of private and public sector mutual funds

DECISION PARALYSIS AND THE ENDOWMENT EFFECT

51

soon challenged UTI’s supremacy. Despite operating in a
competitive environment it continued to follow its earlier
policies. In 1995 the stock markets boomed. That was the
time to make it open-ended and let investors enter and exit
at the current NAV. Times were changing and UTI’s position
was threatened. The writing was on the wall but no action
was taken. The Deepak Parekh committee was appointed to
advise restructuring of UTI but nothing was done. Until one
day the inevitable happened. This not only shattered the
investors of UTI but also shook the stock markets and it
took over a couple of years for the markets to recover.
3. Another example of decision paralysis is when investors buy
top performing funds and do not reshuffle their portfolios.
They are happy since their funds are doing well. But when
there is a choice of funds it is important to choose the right
one, which may not necessarily be the one that has performed
well. On the contrary the chances of it sustaining its
performance are much lower. By definition a mutual fund
captures the mutuality of the market, so in bull phases you
should reshuffle. Don’t let decision paralysis hamper your
investment decisions.
4. Greed and fear are a part of the market flow. Excesses
characterise the bull phase where every stock is sellable.
During such a phase all types of companies enter the capital
market to capitalise on the bull run. Money becomes easily
available. Investors get trapped by such stocks when the bull
run ends. They swear they will get out of such stocks as soon
as they can. For years they wait for the opportunity to exit,
but when the next rally comes and such junk stocks start
rising they do not sell. They prefer to maintain the status
quo as they get greedy, hoping to make more money on
such junk stocks.
I have come across various examples of investors who are
unable to decide and prefer to maintain the status quo. Why do
people behave this way? Is the prospect of change so frightening?
Yes it is, and the concept of Endowment Effect explains it all.

52

STOCKS TO RICHES

Endowment Effect
What would you do in the following situations?
You have been gifted a souvenir jug worth Rs. 100 (in the
marketplace). Someone offers to buy it from you. What is the
very least you would expect to be paid for the jug?
A. Rs. 100

B. Rs. 80

C. Rs. 70

D. Rs. 50

Your neighbour has received a souvenir jug worth Rs. 100 (in
the marketplace) as a gift. He offers you the jug for sale. What is
the most you are willing to pay for the jug?
A. Rs. 100

B. Rs. 80

C. Rs. 70

D. Rs. 50

It is obvious. When someone offers to buy the jug from you,
you would like to be paid Rs. 100. But when the same jug is
offered to you, you would like to pay only Rs. 50. Why is there
such a big difference in the price offered and the price tendered
when the person is the same and the jug is the same? Because we
perceive that whatever belongs to us is more valuable than what
belongs to others. When something comes into our possession its
value increases. In a way this explains why people prefer the
status quo to change. By foregoing change in favour of the familiar
they express happiness with the current situation. True, a decision
to do or not to do something could be influenced by a host of
other factors such as doubt, fear or confusion. Nonetheless, keeping
things as they are is a vote of confidence for the current
circumstances, irrespective of whether they are good or bad. A
preference for holding on to what you have is a lot stronger than
most people think.
Because people place an inordinately high value on what they
have, a decision to change becomes difficult. Of course people do
manage to overcome this tendency, for if they didn’t they would
not sell their homes or trade their used cars or divorce their
spouses. But to the extent that the endowment effect makes it
difficult to properly value what is and isn’t yours, you may fail to
pursue options that are in your best interest. In fact the endowment
effect is just another manifestation of loss aversion: people place

DECISION PARALYSIS AND THE ENDOWMENT EFFECT

53

too much emphasis on instant gratification and too little value on
opportunity costs.

Impact of Endowment Effect
The endowment effect is very relevant to investing. Stock
market participants, analysts, fund managers and companies all
become victims of endowment at one time or other. Here are a
few examples of the endowment effect as it plays out in real life.

Overvaluing Ones Holdings
Ganesh:

“What is the price of Tata Steel?”

Broker:

“It is Rs. 298/299. “

Ganesh:

“Give me a call when it reaches Rs. 300. I need to sell.”

The price reaches Rs. 301.
Broker:

“The price is Rs. 301/302. Should I sell? It is one rupee
above your limit of Rs. 300.”

Ganesh:

“No. The market seems to be going up. I will wait for a price
of Rs. 305. Give me a call then. “

The price goes up to Rs. 306 and the broker calls.
Broker:

“The price is Rs. 306. What should I do? “

Ganesh:

“Wait till it touches Rs. 315. Then don’t even ask me, just
sell. I am sure it will go up. This is a great company and
such a low price is ridiculous.”

The price falls to Rs. 301.
Broker:

“The markets are down and the stock is back to Rs. 301.”

Ganesh:

“The market may be down but the stock cannot go down. I
know we will get the price tomorrow when the markets are
up. Don’t worry we will sell tomorrow at Rs. 315. I just
can’t believe it that the market is selling a good stock so
cheap.”

54

STOCKS TO RICHES

Every time the stock went up Ganesh would increase his limit.
Was he playing games? No. He is a serious investor. He strongly
believes that Tata Steel is a great company. He is proud of his
holdings and he firmly believes that the market is undervaluing
his stock.

The Trial and Money Back Guarantee Scheme
Raju:

“Mom, see what I’ve got, the latest stereo system. It will fit
perfectly in our drawing room. Wait till I play it. You will love
the sound.”

Mom:

“Raju, where did you get the money for such an expensive
stereo?”

Raju:

“It’s on a 15-day trial basis. The shop round the corner allows
you to use the goods before you buy. Since college is closed for
two weeks I thought I’d listen to some music at home.”

Mom:

“Are you sure they will take it back without any fuss?”

Raju:

“Of course mom, don’t worry. Here is the card. It says that they
will take it back, no questions asked, if returned within the
15-day trial period.”

Mom:

“That’s great. Handle it carefully. They may not take it back if
it is misused.”

Raju:

“Don’t worry, I will be careful.”

After 14 days.
Mom:

“Raju, don’t forget the trial period ends tomorrow. We have to
return it, though we will miss it.”

Raju:

“Mom, can we keep it and make the payment. A good system
makes a difference. Moreover it fits in with our décor like it was
specially made for us.”

Mom:

“Yes, you are right. Let’s keep the stereo. We will make the
payment.”

Notice how taking a product on trial got Raju and his mother
to buy it. The shop owner understands the endowment effect
very well. He knows that once the stereo becomes a part of their

DECISION PARALYSIS AND THE ENDOWMENT EFFECT

55

endowment it will be very difficult for them to part with it. They
did not find out whether the stereo is competitively priced, whether
there are better models in the market, or whether the same
company has introduced a better model. Because it had become
a part of their endowment it became very precious to them.
Businesses understand endowment effect too well. That’s why
they are willing to give their products on trial with money back
guarantees on purchases. They know that once customers own
the product, even if it is for a few days, its perceived value
increases, and they may not want to return it.

Confirmation Traps
Suresh: “I am sorry I have to cancel this evening’s date.”
Swati:

“What happened? We’d fixed it two weeks ago.”

Suresh: “I have stocks in Jindal Steel and they have called an analysts’
meet. The stock is very hot in the market.”
Swati:

“Are you going to sell it?”

Suresh: “No, I may buy more. I want to know what the management
thinks. I hope it’s in line with my thinking. I researched the
company before I bought the stock. I also know some of their
managerial staff as I had met them when I last visited their
office.”
Swati:

“I still don’t understand why you are cancelling our date. You
are not going to sell, and you can learn what happened at the
meet from your friends.”

Why does one go to an analyst meet or on a company visit? To
learn more about the company. But if you expect to hear actual
facts you are living in a fool’s paradise. Companies understand
the value of the endowment effect. When they invite you and
feed you, you will feel good about them and there is every chance
you will buy into the company or get others to buy. Analysts go
to analysts’ meets for two reasons. Firstly they can meet other
analysts, learn about new attractive job openings and salary scales,
and of course be entertained. Secondly, if they or their firm hold
stocks they want an endorsement on their holdings. The

56

STOCKS TO RICHES

endowment effect makes them good salesmen for the company’s
stocks. For a company it’s worth all the expenses.

A Fund Managers Story
A fund manager had invested heavily in a technology company.
During the first quarter of 2000 the company hosted an analysts’
meet. The fund manager attended it, even though he needn’t. As
a holder of considerable stock he could have called the company
people to his office. At the meet the management apprised the
analysts of difficult times ahead. After the meeting the fund
manager went around convincing others about the value of the
stocks. He said he had just returned from the United States and
that the management did not understand the future potentiality of
their own business. The tech boom was collapsing but this fund
manager could not face reality. He did not intend to misguide
anybody but he was so caught up in the endowment effect that he
sincerely believed nothing could go wrong with the stock. When
the bubble burst he could not exit as he always felt that the
market was undervaluing the stock. Needless to say a lot of other
fund managers and individual investors suffered a similar fate.
The endowment effect leads people to go in for instant
gratification and to ignore future opportunity costs. Some people
refuse to invest in public provident funds even though they benefit
from the employer having to put in an equal amount. They want
to enjoy the pleasure of getting the whole salary without deduction.
Only, this pleasure comes at the cost of foregoing future higher
benefits.
Because of the endowment effect investors get caught up in
their desire to seek endorsement of their actions. Investors seek
information that supports their existing point of view, while
avoiding information that contradicts their opinion. Psychologist
Thane Pigman in Slip of the Tongue sums it up well: “I see it when
I believe it.” Company visits and analysts meet are good examples
of confirmation traps.

DECISION PARALYSIS AND THE ENDOWMENT EFFECT

57

Plan of Action
Are you a victim of decision paralysis and endowment
effect? You might be if:
n

You have a hard time choosing investment options

n

You react adversely when your decisions turn out poorly

n

You buy products on trial but never return them

n

You delay making investment and spending decisions

n

You hold on to stocks you own

n

You go on company visits and buy stocks

n

You do not have a retirement plan in place

There is no fixed action plan to deal with such situations.
However, here are some suggestions you can bear in mind when
you have to make a decision.
Deciding not to decide is also a decision. Postponements
and delays may seem to be the path of least resistance. Taking a
decision means moving away from your existing level of comfort.
You have a 50 per cent chance of being right and a 50 per cent
chance of being wrong. If you prefer the status quo and don’t
take a decision you lose the 50 per cent chance of being better
off. In times of constant change it may not be in your interest to
indulge in your present comfort mode.
Consider the opportunity costs. You believe that investing
in stocks is a risky decision. You prefer to keep your money in
bank deposits. This is not wrong, but when you invest in stocks
you are investing in the future. Suppose when you had the
opportunity to invest in stocks you didn’t and the price went up.
You would regret not taking a chance when you could. Imagining
the benefits that would accrue will help you to overcome your
resistance to change.
Put yourself on autopilot. Every month earmark a fixed sum
towards investment in stocks. This will enable you to ride the bull
and the bear waves without panicking. On the contrary you will
be able to manage the heartburns that come with this volatility. If

58

STOCKS TO RICHES

you have fixed expenditures like a house mortgage instruct your
bankers to make the necessary payments every month. This will
free you from having to decide whether to repay the loan or
spend the money on something else.
Change your frame of reference. Approach decisions from
a neutral state. Here’s how to do it. You hold shares of Tata Steel
and your friend recommends that you sell it and buy Jindal Iron
and Steel instead. You cannot decide what to do. The best way is
to imagine that you do not have any stock of Tata Steel but that
you have cash that you can invest. You then decide between Tata
Steel and Jindal. If your choice is Tata Steel then don’t convert. If
the choice is Jindal, go ahead and make the switch. This sounds
simple and it is. The difficult part is recognising that your decision
is being hampered by your approach to the problem.
Don’t get married to your stocks. Investments are made to
create income and wealth. Your goal is to go from one comfort
level to another and for that you need different investment vehicles
to meet your different requirements. Once they have fulfilled
their task and helped you reach your goal you have to let go. You
do not stay with them forever.
Understand that there is no free lunch. When you get to
take home goods on trial, when you get invited for company
visits, analysts’ meets, or sales promotion parties, please treat
them with scepticism. Don’t allow yourself to feel good about
such offers. Always look for the catch. Be detached and don’t
allow your emotions to control your decision-making.
Learn to apply the Dale Carnegie Principle on worry.
When we have to take decisions we worry about the consequences.
Before running away, ask yourself what is the worst that can
happen if you take the decision. Analyse the facts and the situation;
it may not be as bad as you think. Be prepared for the worst, then
go ahead and take the decision.
Now that you know how emotions affect decision-making and
what you should do to control your emotions, consider what
would happen if you cheat yourself by avoiding reality. The next
chapter deals with accountability when it comes to money.

CHAPTER

MENTAL ACCOUNTING

7

Episode 1
Dilip had just taken an MBA in finance. He was
intelligent and had a sixth sense when it came to picking stocks.
He worked for a brokerage firm and was respected for his ability
to read the markets. After a couple of years he married Sonia. At
that point of time he had around Rs. 2 lakhs in his bank account.
The year was 1991, when the process of liberalisation had begun
and the stock markets were just taking off. Being adventurous,
Dilip decided to use his savings to trade in stocks. It was a wise
decision considering his track record as a stock picker and his
past success with the brokering firm’s clients. In the first year his
capital increased to Rs. 8 lakhs. In 1993, his capital rose to Rs. 14
lakhs. Two years later, confident in his success, he quit his job to
become a full time trader. Sonia did not agree with this decision
but he told her this would give him more time to develop his
skills by attending various seminars and keeping up with his
reading which was so very important. He continued to do well
and in 1994, his capital increased to Rs. 30 lakhs. The couple
went on a trip to London. Sonia was very happy as they had
moved to their own one bedroom apartment. In 1995, his capital
soared to over Rs. 60 lakhs and so did his confidence. Being
conservative, Sonia preferred to play safe. She insisted that Dilip
should put aside some money in different safe assets, which they
could fall back on in times of need. She was against Dilip investing all their capital in the stock markets. Dilip did not heed her
advice. He thought the higher the investment the greater the
profit. Their different approach to money created a rift between
them. Arguments followed and the relationship was strained. Dilip’s
winning streak ended and he began to lose. But he thought that
since he had a comfortable balance there was no need to worry.
He betted heavily in a market that was going down and by 1997

60

STOCKS TO RICHES

he had lost everything. His flat was mortgaged to a financer, and
Sonia filed for divorce. She accused him of being a compulsive
gambler who lacked the financial prudence to take care of his
wife. She said he could not handle money and had lost Rs. 60
lakhs in just two years in spite of her warning to save for their
future. Dilip was shocked. He filed a petition arguing that Sonia’s
allegations were false and baseless. He had only lost Rs. 2 lakhs
and that also over a period of six years.

Episode 2
Sunil and John were good friends. They worked for the
same company and were financially sound. They enjoyed the
good life and decided that every Saturday they would dine at a
five-star restaurant. Each would pay the bill every alternate week.
The first Saturday they dined at the Taj and Sunil paid the bill of
Rs. 3000 with his credit card. The next Saturday they dined at the
Hilton and this time John paid the bill of Rs. 2800 in cash as he
did not have a credit card. The following Saturday the bill was
Rs. 4200 and Sunil paid with his credit card. Next when John was
due to pay, once again he paid the bill of Rs. 3900 in cash. After a
couple of more such Saturday bashes, John told Sunil that they
should quit going to five-star restaurants as it was very expensive.
Sunil disagreed. He felt they needed this recreation and that they
could afford it. He insisted they carry on and John gave in much
against his wishes. The next time Sunil had to pay the bill he
forgot his credit card and paid cash. The following day he told
John that he agreed with him about staying away from five-star
hotels.

Episode 3
Bomsi was a spectator at a cricket match. He had with
him a bag in which he had carried his provisions for the day.
During the game he was seen talking loudly and frequently on his
mobile phones of which he had three. Suddenly, in the midst of

MENTAL ACCOUNTING

61

an interesting over, he was heard arguing with an ice cream
vendor. The dispute was over price. Bomsi showed the vendor
his bag and told him, “I have brought everything from home, even
water. The only thing I can’t bring is the ice cream because it melts. But I
will not allow you to cheat me.” Now Bomsi was a cricket aficionado.
He cheered both teams enthusiastically. After the lunch break a
player completed a century and Bomsi was ecstatic. He called the
ice cream vendor, grabbed his bag and generously distributed ice
creams all around. Within the next three hours he did this twice
more. After the game ended he settled his bill with the vendor
and even gave him a hefty tip. This man who had fought over the
price of an ice cream in the morning had distributed ice creams
by the dozen to people he did not even know. When asked about
what he had done, he replied, “I love cricket and I love to gamble on
the game. When I win I like to celebrate. All my bets paid off. It’s the
bookies who are now paying for the ice creams, so let the people enjoy.”
Mental Accounting is an idea developed and championed by
Richard Thaler. It underlines one of the most common and costly
mistakes people make when dealing with money. It is the tendency
to place different values to the same sum of money depending on
how it has been acquired and the effort required to acquire it.
Traditional economic theory assumes that money is fungible,
meaning that one type of monetary unit can replace another. This
means that Rs. 100 in lottery winnings, Rs. 100 in salary and a
Rs. 100 tax refund should have the same meaning as they have
the same purchasing power. But studies indicate this is not so
with individuals. People mentally separate their money in different
accounts, giving each account a different significance.
The three instances mentioned earlier demonstrate how mental
accounting affects people’s behaviour.
Going back to Episode one Dilip started with Rs. 2 lakhs and
now has nothing. To him his loss is only Rs. 2 lakhs because his
gains in the stock markets were merely his winnings from his
original capital and so not his own money. He treated the two
accounts separately. Sonia, however, does not suffer from this
bias.
In Episode two, every time John paid the bill with hard cash
he felt the pain of seeing money go out of his pocket. Sunil did

62

STOCKS TO RICHES

not experience this pain when he used his credit card. But when
he paid in cash, he understood the pain of parting with the money
and his attitude changed. In our minds, we distinguish between
cash accounting and credit card accounting. Actually both are the
same, but we view them differently because of our mental
accounting bias. Hence, we tend to be more extravagant when we
use credit cards.
In Episode three, Bomsi was stingy with his own money. But
when he won, he became very extravagant. To him his winnings
were not his own money but that of the bookies. Hence the
celebration. Mentally, he accounted separately for his own money
and for his winnings. Let’s see what you would do in the following
two situations.

Situation A
You have paid Rs. 500 for a movie ticket. When you reach the
theatre you find that you have lost the ticket. Would you, buy a
new ticket? or would you prefer to go back?

Situation B
You go to the theatre to watch a movie. When you reach the
ticket window you find that you have lost Rs. 500 out of the
Rs. 2000 you were carrying. Would you still buy the ticket?
Most people would say no to the first situation and yes to the
second. However, both entail a loss of Rs. 500 and the cost of
Rs. 1000 to watch the movie. So why take different decisions?
Because most people segregate the loss of the ticket and the loss
of cash into independent categories or accounts, and therefore
react contrarily to the two situations.
Mental accounting is directly correlated to our emotional state.
To understand it better, let’s consider different types of mental
accounts and the human behaviour associated with them.

Earned Income V/s Gift Income
When you receive your salary cheque you are very careful how
you spend it. For you that money is sacrosanct, the fruit of your

MENTAL ACCOUNTING

63

hard work. But if you got a gift of the same amount of money you
would treat it very differently. You may spend it lavishly. Mentally,
to you this is free money, but your salary money is not. You
earned it, hence mentally you put it into a different account.

Quantity of the Money in Question
We create mental accounts according to the quantity of the money
and treat them differently. A tax refund is a tax deferral payment
by the tax authorities. But when we get a tax refund of say
Rs. 1000 we are likely to spend that without giving it due thought.
However, a tax refund of Rs. 20000 will set us thinking whether
to deposit it in a bank, or buy mutual funds and stocks. We do
this because small amounts go into the miscellaneous account
and big amounts go into important decision accounts.

Large Purchases V/s Small Purchases
When you want to buy a fridge you make a lot of enquiries
before making the purchase. You check out models and prices
and even brands. When you have found one you like you do
some hard bargaining and maybe get a discount of Rs. 500 on a
fridge costing Rs. 20,000. That makes you happy, but do you do
the same when shopping for groceries? Do you realise that if you
put in a little effort and are able to save Rs. 10 a day, at the end of
the year it would add up to a savings of Rs. 3500? Compare this
with the saving of Rs. 500 on an expense that may not recur for
the next 10 years or so. Many people are cost conscious when
making large financial decisions, but they relax their discipline
when it comes to small purchases. But that’s where the difference
matters.

Cash V/s Credit Cards
Today credit cards are a status symbol. Everyone wants one, and
every bank is aggressively marketing it. It is a big profit earner for
the bank and a hole in the pocket for the user who is not aware of
the harm it can cause. Remember the example of Sunil and John.
Sunil realised the value of money only when he paid the bill in
cash.

64

STOCKS TO RICHES

Because we have different mental accounts, we treat cash and
credit card transactions differently. People tend to shop more if
they use credit cards as against paying cash. Actually both represent
your own money. It’s just that credit cards make us extravagant
since we don’t see the money change hands. Moreover, we pay
interest on the credit offered. It is for this reason that credit card
companies do a flourishing business.

Sacred Money
Ramesh was a successful investor and had done reasonably well
for himself. One day he inherited Rs. 10 lakhs from his uncle.
The uncle had worked hard and saved his money all his life. He
did not take any risks and looked after his money with care.
Ramesh treated this money as sacred as he had received it from
someone who had toiled all his life to earn it. He would not
consider putting it into the stock market where he had done
reasonably well. Instead he put it into bank deposits. The money
was marked “sacred” in his mental account. Had his uncle been
extravagant maybe Ramesh would have played the stock markets
with that money.

Impact of Mental Accounting on
Investors
Mental accounting affects not only our personal finances
but is more pronounced in the world of investments.
n

Why do investors hold on to losing investments? They may
offer various reasons to justify their action but the fact remains
that mentally they are unwilling to accept that they are making
a loss. Mentally we tend to believe that we book a loss only
when we sell. Intellectually we recognise the loss but we
hope that it will vanish. This is a common mental accounting
error. On the contrary a loss can be adjusted against a profit,
resulting in tax savings. Yet investors continue to fall prey to
this common mental accounting error.

MENTAL ACCOUNTING

65

n

Why do investors earn less interest and pay more? Ravi is
highly educated, has a successful career in margin trading
and is a savvy investor. In spite of the high interests paid by
him, his returns from the business seem quite handsome.
Being conservative, he prided himself on having comfortable
bank deposits to take care of any unforeseen eventualities.
He knew that the bank deposits offered a lower rate of return
but he felt that was a price he would pay for the margin of
safety that banks offered. It is ironical that he pays high
interests in his margin trading while his own money earns a
much lower interest in bank deposits. How much better off
he would be if he utilised his own money for his own stock
trade and avoided paying such high rates of interest. This is
not a stray case; most people make such mistakes. The
problem is that they have two mental accounts—”safe money”
and “risk money”—for the same money.

n

Most people believe that a bonus share is a freebie given by
the company to its shareholders. They even buy more shares
on such news. But they are dead wrong. Companies give
bonus shares to capitalise reserves and balance their finances.
But investors don’t see it that way. They consider it to be a
windfall. This leads them to become extravagant. Most
investors suffer from this mental accounting error. That’s
why the stock markets rise on such announcements.

n

Day traders trade in and out of a stock, time and again, with
very narrow spreads. They think that they are generating
income profitably. But consider the transaction costs and the
brokerage they pay on such volumes. What they are in
actually is the business of enriching their brokers and the tax
authorities. It’s like buying groceries and not heeding the
cost.

Before discussing the plan of action it is important to understand
that there are no set rules. The best advice is to refrain from using
credit cards, and to treat all monies equally. We all have our
individual faults and we have to decide what we need to do for
ourselves. Mental accounting also has its positive and negative
aspects and it is up to each individual to know what is best for
him. For instance, if you are a big spender and unable to curtail

66

STOCKS TO RICHES

your urges, mental accounting could be the most effective way to
plan your fixed mortgage payments, kids’ education fund, and
retirement savings. In order to eliminate the harmful effects of
mental accounting while preserving its benefits you need to audit
your own mental accounting system.

Plan of Action
To devise a plan of action you have to make two
important assessments. First, this test will determine whether you
are prone to mental accounting.
Imagine you are at the mall shopping for an expensive suit. In
the first instance you have won Rs. 10,000 in a lottery. Will you
use that money to buy that expensive suit? In the second instance,
you discover that you have Rs. 10,000 in your savings account, a
sum about which you had forgotten. Will you use that money to
buy the expensive suit?
If your answer is yes to the first question and no to the second,
like most people you are prone to mental accounting, meaning
that you are prone to wasting money as you place different values
on the same sum of money.
Secondly, you have to review your finances. Ask yourself:
n

Have you set aside any savings for emergencies?

n

Do you avail of revolving credit on your credit cards from
one month to the next?

If your answer is yes to both questions, you are a victim of
mental accounting. You stack away your emergency money at
low interest rates and pay high interest on your credit card balance.
You are earning around six per cent and paying around 15 per
cent on credit card debits. Financially you would be much better
off if you did not set aside any emergency savings but rather
spent the money. This would grant a clean credit card record and
a higher credit limit. In the case of an emergency, the credit card
is always at your disposal. Making this change would make you
richer by 9 per cent. The following suggestions will help you
create your own action plan.

MENTAL ACCOUNTING

67

Always Pay Cash
This in no way suggests that you throw away your credit cards.
But, whenever you make a purchase pay cash instead of using the
credit card. This will automatically make you aware of the outflow
of cash from your pocket and you may reconsider the purchase.
Another way would be to visually imagine the money you are
spending when you sign the credit slip. The thought of that money
will at least alert you to your actions.

Be Alert
Whenever you make a big purchase like a car be very careful
about any other accessories the salesman offers you. Since the car
entails a big expense the cost of the accessories seem negligible
and you may be tempted to spend on something you don’t really
require. Ask yourself, do I really need the Rs. 25,000 leather seats
when the originals are so good? Do I really require that Rs.
15,000 pioneer deck when the one that comes with the car is
good enough? These expenses may not seem much when
compared to the cost of the car but on their own they are big and
definitely avoidable.

Be Patient
When you get a windfall, wait at least a couple of months before
you take any decision. Initially put that money aside in a bank.
After a while you will begin to view this money as a savings and
therefore you will not waste it. That’s the time to decide what you
want to do with the money.

Treat All Income as Earnings
The best way to be resourceful with your money is to treat all
money as earned income. Whenever you get any money ask
yourself this question: How long will it take me to earn this
amount of money after taxes? Over a period of time this habit
will fine-tune your internal auditing system.
Having learned the art of sharpening your internal audit system it
is time to understand how to process information. This will help
you get over your mental anomalies.

CHAPTER

MENTAL HEURISTICS

8

Question 1—Three birds are sitting on a tree. Two decide to fly
away. How many birds are there on the tree?
Question 2—Observe the following picture. Which line appears
longer?
FIGURE 8.1

Cognitive Illusions Are Like Optical Illusions

The bottom line appears longer but if you look at the diagram
below you notice that both the lines are of the same length.

FIGURE 8.2

Measurement Tools Help Identify Illusions

MENTAL HEURISTICS

69

Although both the lines are the same why is it that the lower
line appears longer? That’s because the brain takes a short cut
when processing information. It does not process all the
information and this leads to biases. This process is known as
Mental Heuristics. If your answer to the first question—how many
birds are there on the tree? —is one, then you have fallen prey to
a mental heuristic. Your brain did not process the information
properly. The answer should be three birds. Two had only decided
to fly away. They did not fly away. Had I told you that they flew
away then you would be right.
The dictionary definition of the word heuristic refers to the
process by which people reach conclusions, usually by trial and
error. This often leads them to develop thumb rules, but these are
not always accurate. One of the greatest advances of behavioural
psychology is the identification of the principles underlying these
thumb rules and the errors associated with them. In turn these
rules have themselves come to be called heuristics. In short, the
following four statements define Heuristic Bias.
n

People develop general principles as they find out things for
themselves.

n

People rely on heuristics to draw inferences from available
information.

n

People are susceptible to certain errors because the heuristics
they use are imperfect.

n

People actually commit errors in particular situations.

There is a newly opened mega-store in the vicinity whose stock
is listed on the stock market. You see a big queue outside it and
you think it must be doing a roaring business. You buy the stock
hoping it will go up because the store is doing well. But there
could be umpteen reasons for the queue. The store definitely
could be doing great business. But it is also possible that customers
are queuing to return defective goods. Or perhaps the service is
slow, or maybe all the other stores in the vicinity are closed on
that day. There are various reasons for the queue but our brain
does not weigh all the probabilities and makes a decision on halfbaked information. Stock markets are interesting because investors
do this all the time.

70

STOCKS TO RICHES

Take the example of Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) when
the company discovered a gas vein. The stock jumped as investors
cashed in on this news. But let us analyse the situation without
falling prey to mental heuristics. The gas source was discovered
but there were other factors to be considered—the quality of the
gas, the number of wells to be drilled, the time it would take, the
plans to finance the project, etc.—before the profits could be
reaped. Yet analysts predicted the future profitability of RIL and
on such hopes investors bought the stock at rising prices. This is
how mental heuristics work when the brain does not process all
the information and its implications. The tech boom was built on
the same logic and we know the damage it has done.
Evolutionary forces shaped human cognition over centuries.
That served our ancestors well, allowing for quick quality decisions.
Today, the complexities of our lives throw up multifarious data
that our minds may not assimilate very easily. The heuristics we
rely on carry associated biases, which undermine the quality of
our decisions. Let’s take a look at some heuristics and their biases.

Availability Heuristic
One bias associated with availability is ease of recall.
We are more likely to make judgements based on recent or easy
to remember events rather than other similar but harder to recall
instances. The flow of information around us is what guides us. If
all of it is positive we are positively inclined. This is what happened
in the India Shining story of 2003–4. All available information—
press, television, bureaucracy, business and political circles—
centred on the positive aspects of the Indian economy. No
negatives were permitted. Shored by so much optimism the herd
mentality came into play and everyone not only believed the
story, they advocated it. This was reflected in the stock markets.
The Sensex jumped from 2800 in April 2003 to over 6000 in
April 2004. The NDA and its allies were sure they would win the
elections as the India Shining story painted a rosy picture of their
governance. Come May 2004 and the election results announced
that the NDA government had lost. How did this happen? The

MENTAL HEURISTICS

71

post analysis revealed that the India Shining story had been
aggressively sold in the major cities; hence the exit polls in these
cities placed the NDA’s chances very high. But 70 per cent of the
population lives in the rural areas and for them India was not
shining. Thus NDA lost. On May 17, 2004 the markets crashed
by more than 800 points in just two days. The reason: all available
information was negative. In bull markets there is only positive
news and in bear markets it is only negative. That’s why markets
go up or come down on reflexivity.

Representative Heuristic
We assess the likelihood of an event by its similarity to
other occurrences. A predominant bias associated with this is
over reaction. In the stock markets, if the leaders report impressive
performances then all the stocks in that particular sector benefit.
The fortunes of the steel industry seemed to be changing and
Tata Steel reported increased earnings and profits. All the stocks
in the sector, including the junk and penny stocks, attracted
investors’ interest irrespective of whether they too would report
increased earnings. When the textile industry reported good profits,
not only did all the stocks in that sector rise, but companies in
associated industries, like textile machinery manufacturers, spinning
mills, dyes and chemicals also attracted attention. Representative
heuristics also affect investors’ actions. Investors try to replicate
their portfolios by following the leaders. If they find that a leading
fund or broker or a respected personality has bought a particular
stock they also buy the stock. In a way this gives rise to the herd
mentality.

Saliency Heuristic
Individuals over react to an unusual event assuming it
to be a permanent trend. Two aeroplanes crash into the World
Trade Centre and the world stops flying the next day. Surely this
type of incident has a one in a million chance of recurring the

72

STOCKS TO RICHES

next day. On the contrary the next day was probably the safest
time for flying.
In bull markets analysts over react to an unusually good
quarterly earnings assuming it would be repeated in the future
and become bullish on the stock. In bear markets they overreact
to a bad quarterly estimate extrapolating it too far in to the future.
The 2004 second quarter GDP growth estimates of 10 per cent
saw the markets going up on the assumption that the trend would
continue. Actually it needs to be sustainable to justify good times
ahead. However, this is how saliency heuristic works with investors.

Overconfidence
This is the story of a family that was reasonably wealthy
and lived a comfortable life. The father was in the textile business
and had been our client for eight years. He was a cautious investor.
Since he lacked knowledge of the stock market, he would go by
my advice as it suited his conservative nature. When he started
business with us his son was in college, aspiring to become a
chartered accountant. The proud father was waiting for his son to
graduate so that he could manage his portfolio. I warned him that
investment acumen does not come with becoming a chartered
accountant. But he strongly believed that since it involved number
crunching, and stock investment was all about balance sheet
analysis, his son would be an excellent investor. After his
graduation, the son, without prior experience took over the family’s
portfolio. One day he questioned me about some of the investment
decisions and I gave him the required explanation. After a month
he came back with his father. I was shocked and pained to hear
his queries. He listed some stocks in the financial services sector
that had gone up considerably, and wanted to know why I had
not bought those stocks. I was a bit upset because the question
was based on hindsight information, but I thought it my duty to
clarify his doubts. I explained that these were fancy stocks and
there was no merit in their valuations. I also told him that this
bubble would burst soon and the stocks would not have any
buyers. At that he shot back, “In your position you should have
known that these stocks would go up. Even I did. Unfortunately I

MENTAL HEURISTICS

73

was not handling our portfolio or else it would have been very
different.” I had nothing to say to this inexperienced, overconfident
young man. The proud father supported him. The son soon
became an active player in the markets. Then, in 1995/1996 the
markets crashed. This money was lost, the father had a stroke
and the family had to leave Mumbai and settle down in their
hometown in Gujarat. All this because of the son’s overconfidence.
There are many others like him. My advice is, respect the markets.
They are interesting because we cannot understand them.
A word of caution: Any individual who is not professionally
occupied in the financial industry, and even most of those who
are, and who in any way attempts to actively manage an investment
portfolio is probably suffering from overconfidence.
Successful investors sometimes believe that they are skilful
because they are doing well with their investments. However,
they fail to realise that their investment performance is the result
of the stock market performance, not necessarily their individual
abilities. In bullish times the stock markets are up and so is the
performance of most of the mutual funds. By definition they
capture the mutuality of the markets. It is at this point that fund
managers can become overconfident and go all out to garner
more business. There is a famous saying, “A rising tide lifts all
boats”. A corollary to that would be “A rising market lifts all
egos”.
At present our fiscal deficit is alarming but the markets believe
we will tide over this impending crisis. Should the markets crash,
as it portends, the analysts will blame the government’s fiscal
imprudence. But today one would be a fool to short sell because
it does not pay to go against the herd in the short run. Moreover
no one can predict when this predictable surprise will come.

Anchoring and Adjustment
Example 1
Jal:

“I need Rs. 50 lakhs urgently for my business. I have some
gold and I want to sell it. Can you help me?”

74

STOCKS TO RICHES

Broker: “Why do you want to sell the gold? Instead, sell your stock of
Pentafour. You bought it at Rs. 150 and it is now quoted at
Rs. 1000.”
Jal:

“No. That would be a loss. A couple of months ago the price
was Rs. 1800.”

Actually Jal would not lose if he were to sell the stock. But he is
anchored to the price of Rs. 1800, believing the fall is temporary.
What he does not realise is that Rs. 1800 is an unrealistic price
and the chances of the stock returning to that price are slim. This
is another reason after loss aversion that most investors hold on
to losing investments.

Example 2
Husband: “The suit I wanted to buy is on sale today. It was priced at
Rs. 12000 last week. It’s now at Rs. 6000.”
Wife:

“There are so many suits on sale. Look around, you may get
a better one.”

Husband: “Good idea. (He looks around.) I don’t like any of them.
They are expensive.”
Wife:

“But in that range of Rs. 6000 there are so many other
good suits. Look at these.”

Husband: “I did. They are not worth Rs. 6000. If I have to pay
Rs. 6000 I would rather buy that suit. Then at least I
know that I am getting a bargain at half the cost.”
The man likes a particular suit only because he knows that it is
worth Rs. 12000. He is anchored to that price and believes that
only this one is a bargain. There is no anchor price on the other
suits for him to think they are bargains.

Example 3
Sarosh:

“I bought this stock of Hughes Software at Rs. 700.”

Ketan:

“I think you should sell it. The fortunes of the industry have
changed.”

MENTAL HEURISTICS

75

Sarosh:

“I know, but my cost price is Rs. 700 and at present the
stock is Rs. 540.”

Ketan:

“So what? Take the loss. The way the markets are treating
such companies it may go down further.”

Sarosh:

“Okay, I will sell. I will wait for the price to come back to
my cost of purchase.”

Ketan:

“How do you know it will happen? The industry and the
company dynamics have changed, so the faster you sell the
better.”

Sarosh:

“Yes, I know that. But I am waiting for the stock to touch
Rs. 700.”

The problem here is that Sarosh is anchored to his purchase
price and cannot see the reality. Hence he cannot take a rational
decision.
Individuals start with an initial value and make value assessments
based on that value. The initial value may reflect historical
precedent, current information or random information. The bias
reflects people’s insufficient adjustment to their initial values. The
problem is acute when the initial value is not properly grounded.
When individuals are anchored they under react to any new
information that is made available to them. This is how anchoring
becomes dangerous.
A client had a portfolio of technology stocks valued at over
Rs. 3 crore. His initial investment was around Rs. 80 lakhs. When
he required money he came to me for advice. The year was 2000.
I told him to liquidate as he was still making good money. He
refused, saying he was making a loss. According to him the
portfolio was worth around Rs. 4 crores just a few months ago
and the current value was only Rs. 3 crores. He was anchored to
prices that were not at all realistic. Till recently he hadn’t sold the
stocks because the prices had fallen below his cost of purchase.
The anchor had moved to his purchase price.
Around mid-2003 the markets climbed with good corporate
earnings coming in. The bear phase had ended. By the yardstick
of dividend yield, price earning ratios and price to book the

76

STOCKS TO RICHES

markets were cheap. However, when the stock markets rose, many
investors liquidated their stocks. They did not note the changing
environment. They were anchored to an index of 3000 and when
it went up they exited. Without due justification, they sincerely
believed that the markets would be back to the 3000 levels.

Herd Mentality
Prakash bought a Maruti Esteem after carefully
researching the decision. He was very happy with it and enjoyed
driving the car on his long haul trips to Lonavala. After a few
months a flood of strangers approached him and offered to buy
the car at reduced prices. The vehicle was in good condition and
had done a few thousand miles. Worried that he had not made
the right decision Prakash considered selling his Maruti at half his
cost price. Should he sell the car?
Before you answer, ask yourself what advice would you give
him if he wanted to sell 1000 shares of Maruti, which he had
bought for Rs. 400 and was now quoting at Rs. 300 due to
depressed stock market conditions.
The history of the stock market shows that most investors buy
stocks in companies or mutual funds for presumably sound reasons
but exit their holdings the moment the market turns against them.
They sell when a bunch of complete strangers offer them less
than what they had paid. Conversely, they will pay high prices
for stocks or real estate or paintings just because other people
whom they don’t even know are willing to pay such prices. The
dotcom boom was a result of such thinking. In stock market
parlance this is known as investing with the herd. We need to
understand the manner in which the value of a stock or commodity
is determined. To some extent what other people think matters a
great deal. Beauty may be in the eyes of the beholder but value is
often in the eyes of the buyer. If Prakash wanted to sell the
Maruti then it was worth what the buyers would pay for it. But if
he didn’t then he was the only one to decide the value of his car.

MENTAL HEURISTICS

77

In the stock markets most often investors allow popular opinion
and behaviour to define values for them; sometimes for the good
but often not. Their buying or selling decisions are made not on
the basis of their own convictions, but on the value that strangers
appropriate.
The herd mentality affects business decisions to a great extent.
People try to replicate the leaders. In the end everyone behaves
alike, which leads to cutting prices for market share. This is very
common in the stock brokering business. Technology has made it
easy to install trading terminals across the country. So, to survive
in a competitive market, brokers have lowered their trading
commissions to as little as 3 Paise. The difference between one
broker and another is the difference in their commissions, not in
the value they offer their clients. That is how the herd mentality
works in business.

Size Bias
Two friends, Gautam and Salman, are just out of college
and have taken up jobs. From day one Gautam sets aside Rs. 300
every month, which earns him 10 per cent per annum. After 10
years he stops as he has started a family. Salman got married
early and did not save anything for a long while. After 10 years,
he began to set aside Rs. 300 every month earning him 10 per
cent per annum. He continued doing this for the next 30 years
until he retired at the age of 60. Salman’s investment was
Rs. 1,08,000 while Gautam’s was only Rs. 36,000.
When both retired who have more money? It would seem to
be Salman as he has been saving for 30 years. In reality it was
Gautam. At 60, Gautam got Rs. 1,051,212 while Salman got
Rs. 621,787. This is the power of compounding which investors
normally forget. Salman could not make up for the 10 years that
Gautam’s money compounded at an annual rate of 10 per cent
per annum. We often tend to look at the big numbers and ignore
the small. In money matters it is the small figures that make all
the difference.

78

STOCKS TO RICHES

Many investors ask whether they can build an investment
portfolio with a small capital. The answer is in order to grow big
you need to start small and stay invested. The longer you hold
the better for you. In fact the mission statement of our portfolio
management services reads, “We create high net worth individuals,
we do not chase them”. We believe in the power of compounding.
A word of advice to day traders: considering the amount of
transaction charges and brokerage they pay with each trade, if
they really calculate the cost at the end of a year they will find it
worthwhile to quit day trading and become brokers.
Investors also need to be alert. How many of them look at the
expense ratio of a fund? Expense ratio is where the research
costs, salaries, and other management expenses of a fund are
deducted from the mutual fund holder’s account every year. If
the expense ratio of the fund is two per cent that means that for
every Rs. 100 you have in the fund Rs. 2 will be deducted from
your account every year. Now if you have invested in two funds,
with expense ratios of 0.75 per cent and 2.5 per cent, the difference
of 1.75 per cent can impact the returns to a great extent. Investors
need to be aware of these small details when they invest in mutual
funds.

Pattern Recognition
Human minds are not perfectly rational. As a matter of
fact a huge portion of the world’s economy is run by irrational
behaviour. For example, tobacco, alcohol, and junk food are
injurious to health yet we continue to indulge in them. Diamond
jewellery serves no useful purpose, yet it has a high value on
account of the wearer’s emotional perception, which is primarily
determined by advertising and snob appeal. The market research
conducted by Pepsi in 1980 illustrates the irrationality of human
behaviour. Consumers were given unidentified samples of cola,
including Coke and Pepsi. When asked their preference, most of
them chose Pepsi. Then Coca-Cola conducted a similar research
and they got the same results. They realised that people preferred
the sweeter flavour of Pepsi. Taking a cue from this, the company

MENTAL HEURISTICS

79

re-launched their drink “New Coke” in a sweeter avatar. This $1
billion marketing exercise demonstrated that people drank Coke
not for its taste but for the Americana image associated with it.
An example of how our brain works is the concept of pattern
recognition. As children we learned language and mathematics
through repetition. In fact almost everything we learn, we learn
through repetition; in other words, through pattern recognition.
Now this very concept that has helped us learn so much can be
dangerous for us when investing. That is why we need to be
aware about how it works.
Take this example. From 1993 the profits of the blue chip
Infosys have grown above 50 per cent. Post 1998 the company
grew at 100 per cent and the market consensus was that it would
continue to grow at the same rate in the future. Hence every
market participant believed that Infosys was the stock of the
century and started chasing it. Thus the stock price ran up beyond
the profit growth. See Fig. 8.3 below.

FIGURE 8.3

Note: Mkt cap calculated on monthly average stock prices

Infosys Profit Growth 1993–2000

80

STOCKS TO RICHES

The concept of pattern recognition would make us believe that
growth rates will continue at 70–80 per cent. If so, where will the
next profit growth bar be? See Fig. 8.4 below.

FIGURE 8.4

Note: Mkt cap calculated on monthly average stock prices

Infosys Profit Growth 1993–2003

Due to a sudden industry slowdown the profit growth dropped
below its historical averages. Nothing changed in the company,
only the pattern made by the investor went for a toss and the
stock was punished. It seems the longer a stock does well, the
more confident investors are that the stock will continue to do
well. Hence they award it higher and higher multiples, as illustrated
in the Figure 8.5.
The company has continued to perform very well and is on a
much stronger footing than before.
Investors anchor their future projections on past performances,
seeing the future as a repeat of the past. In panic situations our
minds may be guided by our emotions. Hence we may under
react or overreact. Investing is a fairly emotional activity; hence
we must be aware of our senses and our programmed responses
to specific situations.

MENTAL HEURISTICS

81

FIGURE 8.5

Note: Mkt cap calculated on monthly average stock prices

Infosys Price Multiples

A good example of mental heuristics is the mutual fund industry.
Mutual funds are efficient instruments to mobilise the savings of
retail investors in the stock markets. The next chapter will guide
you through this maze.

CHAPTER

MUTUAL FUNDS:
AN IDEA WHOSE TIME
HAS GONE

9

Investing is a game of patience and investors get rewarded if they
invest for the long-term. The longer one stays invested the greater
are the rewards. Buy a value, sit on it and let time do the rest.
However in today’s changing times investors shun the age-old
wisdom of long-term investing and chase the illusion of shortterm quick profits. Keynes is often quoted—“In the long run we
are all dead”—to justify the speculative urge of short-term quick
profits. The strategy is to time the market rather than invest in
good sustainable businesses. Sometimes you go right and make a
quick buck. But the game of timing can be very difficult and it is
hardly advisable when it concerns one’s hard-earned money.
Everything changes but there are certain principles that do not
change. The power of principles is that they are universal timeless
truths. If we live our life based on these we can quickly adapt and
apply them anywhere. In fact, in a fast-paced, ever changing
world, we cling to practices, structures and systems for some
sense of predictability in our lives. Forget the principles and we
are headed for trouble. Investment management is a profession
but it is being run like a business. So the rules of sound investment
take a back seat and the rules of business dominate.
We have created and nurtured an investment society where
insanity works. Let us see how this sort of behaviour has impacted
the mutual fund industry and how that industry is responsible for
the volatility in the stock market.

MUTUAL FUNDS: AN IDEA WHOSE TIME HAS GONE 83

The Beginnings
This industry was created to channel the savings of a
vast number of small investors into the capital markets. It is a
vehicle to safeguard the interests of the small investors who are
assumed to be incapable of taking investment decisions on their
own. The mutual fund industry provides the basic infrastructure
for professional investing in the form of professional fund
managers, investment research, business analysts, stock market
analysis and systems to cater to the huge pool of investors. The
aim is to fulfil the long-term investment needs of the retail investors.

The Rules of the Game
n

Long-term investment strategy

n

Investor friendly: exit within 24 hours

n

Professional fund managers with strong market expertise

n

Backed by strong research analysts

The Paradox
Most mutual funds talk about long-term investment
strategy. However, they are open-ended and the investor can exit
whenever he wants. The paradox is that on the one hand it talks
about a long-term investment philosophy but on the other it does
not encourage the investor to be a long-term player. This is because
the normal practice in the mutual fund industry is to have openended funds and the principle of long-term investment takes a
back seat. The game is that of timing the market and looking for
short-term gains. In fact it would be wrong to assume that investors
do not want their money locked in for long periods. If that were
true then people would not invest in RBI bonds, or post savings
schemes for five to seven years, or in the Public Provident Fund
for 15 years. The industry itself needs to be blamed for nurturing
and nursing the culture of open-ended schemes.

84

STOCKS TO RICHES

As the industry grew so did the competition leading to high
marketing costs. Money comes when the markets climb as the net
asset values start going up. There is a scramble to get in and fund
managers are pressured to invest in a rising market at inflated
asset prices. However, when the market falls the net asset values
fall and the investors pull out forcing fund managers to sell the
portfolio at depressed prices to meet the redemptions. The basic
principle of buying when prices are depressed and others are
selling, and selling when prices are high and others are buying is
not workable. Fund managers are forced to act in a way that does
not conform with the basic investment principles. Their decisions
are being controlled by the environment.

Fund Managers Behaviour
Because of the pressure to perform in the short run,
fund managers chase each other’s net asset values rather than
follow sound investment strategies. When the Information,
Communication, and Entertainment (ICE) sector moved up in
1999, fund managers chased those stocks, and prices rose steeply.
Most of them had the same ICE stocks among their top holdings.
At the time of the rise of public sector undertakings in the oil
sector, most of them had ONGC, BPCL and HPCL as their top
holdings. Then when the fad passed, they competed to sell and
depressed the prices. It is obvious that the herd mentality is what
drives them to make decisions. Newspapers and financial journals
report quarterly performance of funds. Influenced by this news,
investors enter and exit funds forcing fund managers to change
strategies midway. They are thus forced to keep up with market
trends and this affects their performance. Also, the practice of
offering bonuses and rewards for turning in short-term profits,
rather than for following a sound investment strategy, forces them
to adopt short-term strategies. As a result it is the investors who
lose. For if making short-term money were so simple, in the
market he would not be a fund manager, he would be busy
making money for himself playing the market.
This is not to say that all fund managers are mediocre. The
Indian capital market does have some very good talent and we

MUTUAL FUNDS: AN IDEA WHOSE TIME HAS GONE 85

need to create the right environment for such talent to flourish
and at the same time reap benefits for the mutual fund holders.

Destructive Environment
A mutual fund manager manages the money of investors
whom he has not even seen. It is the sales team and third party
distributors who bring in the investors. In a situation where
fiduciary responsibility is very important, not knowing the investor
whose money he is managing can call his commitment into
question. Mutual fund managers have a pile of cash to be invested
in the stock markets. Naturally, brokers, company managements
and other operators chase them with quick money ideas. With so
much attention being showered on them, there is a danger that
they could overestimate their abilities and performance. Sometimes
the rewards for performance could also make them overconfident.
It is true that we cannot blame the fund manager but the point is
when there are so many good professionals in the field, they
should not be forced to operate in a less than conducive
environment.
The business of a broker is dependent upon the amount of
resources he is able to mobilise for the fund. Hence brokers may
try to sell a fund to investors not because it is a good investment
but in order to generate business from the purchase and sale of
stocks. The fund manager and the broker please each other for
their own benefit and in the process it is the investor who suffers.
The development of the mutual funds concept was perfect for its
time. The idea was to pool together the resources of investors and
invest it in the stock markets. Professional fund managers backed
by strong research would handle the investments. Thus the
investors were assured of the services of professionals. But times
have changed. Levels of education have improved. Information
flow has increased. Internet enables exchange of information in
real time. Online trading enables real time execution. Chat sites
help investors discuss their views and seek opinions. The power
of knowledge has shifted from the hands of a few to those of the
masses. We now have a web of smart professionals with new

86

STOCKS TO RICHES

ideas, knowledge and aspirations as compared to a handful who
are working for the mutual fund industry. In fact, the concept of a
mutual fund has become outdated. Mutual funds are competing
with millions of traders. And with so much volatility and pressure
on performance, they have also become weekly traders, if not
day-traders. Our belief that mutual funds are good is yet another
example of a mental heuristic. In fact the concept of a mutual
fund has become outdated.

A Profession or A Business
Money management is a profession. The professionals
who work in it are validated by their performance. Unfortunately
the advent of mutual funds has turned it into a business where the
goal is to increase the assets under management. Today, funds
compete for the size of assets, chasing a benchmark of relative
returns. The aim is to beat the top-performing fund. Even a poor
two per cent becomes a benchmark. On the other hand a
professional like a portfolio manager will benchmark against
absolute returns because in most cases his fees are linked to his
performance.

A Solution
Open-ended mutual funds are the main cause of the
volatility in the markets today. I believe that close-ended mutual
funds are the best vehicles for a long-term investor. It allows the
fund manager to be disciplined, which in turn reaps substantial
rewards for investors. No doubt the choice of such funds is limited.
In this case the price of the fund could fluctuate according to the
net asset value, but when the units change hands they go from
one investor to other and there is no redemption on the fund.
The fund manager, therefore, is free to make long-term decisions
because the environment does not control him. For the healthy
growth of the mutual fund industry more such close-ended funds
need to be floated.

MUTUAL FUNDS: AN IDEA WHOSE TIME HAS GONE 87

However, the irony is that close-ended mutual funds quote at a
premium prior to listing and at a discount to the net asset value
after listing. This discount may be viewed as an expensive
monument erected to the inertia and short sightedness of the
shareholders. The price movement of close-ended funds displays
the fickle behaviour of investors as investor sentiment varies
through time. When noise traders are optimistic, the price of
close-ended funds rise and the discount to the net asset value
narrows. When noise traders are pessimistic, the price of closeended funds decline and the discount to the net asset value widens.
Investors in close-ended mutual funds are subject to two types of
risk: firstly, the fundamental risk of the net asset value going
down, and secondly, the noise trader risk of widening the discount
due to pessimism. The opportunity arises in the second scenario.
However, the investor would need patience to benefit from such
an opportunity. But isn’t investing game of patience after all!

The Future of Open-ended Mutual
Funds
The market volatility of this industry is taking its toll on
the participants, impacting their health, their families and their
self-esteem. An investment culture is being destroyed, and
investment principles are being eroded. Just because the mutual
fund industry has grown by leaps and bounds in the USA does
not make it right. Times are changing and too much is at stake.
The savings of millions of investors cannot be subjected to abuse
in an industry that encourages speculation.

A Bold Vision
Since investment management is a profession there is a
great opportunity for the portfolio management industry to grow.
A vision of thousands of professional portfolio managers spread
across the country catering to the needs of individuals, helping
them to invest and at the same time channel their savings to the

88

STOCKS TO RICHES

stock market! A portfolio manager would be in direct touch with
the investor and would be held responsible for his wrongdoings.
A fiduciary relationship requires this set-up. The portfolio
manager’s business will be dependent on his individual expertise
and performance and this would lead to better performance for
the individual investor. Competition among portfolio managers
will ensure performance and market forces will throw out the
incompetent. Financial markets would improve. Even today if the
portfolio management industry is given the same sops and tax
benefits that the mutual fund industry enjoys, the latter would
soon lose out. This is an idea whose time has come.
Now that we are aware how we fall prey to mental heuristics
by ignoring the rules of investment, we shall study the stock
market behaviour in times of boom and bust and how various
types of investor behaviour play their part. Move on to the next
chapter.

CHAPTER

THE STOCK MARKET
BUBBLE

10

Stock markets are fascinating because they are so unpredictable.
Furious activity is followed by long periods of lull. Many a fortune
is made and lost. The greed and fear of participants make the
stock markets volatile. The one who can understand this and in
turn exploit it is easily the master.
Stock markets are known for their intermittent bubbles. To
understand who and what causes them, we need to ascertain how
the system works and what drives the participants. Systems
Thinking1 is an important tool we can use to understand the
vagaries of the stock markets.

Systems Thinking
A system is that which maintains its existence and functions as a whole through the interaction of its various parts. A
human body is a perfect example of a system. It consists of different
parts and organs, each acting separately yet all working together
and each impacting the others. Similarly, all around us there are
systems, and systems within systems. Systems-thinking is looking
at the whole picture, the different parts and the interconnection
between the parts. It is thinking in circles, in loops rather than in
straight lines. The parts of a system are all connected directly or
indirectly. The action of one part affects the other and that other
responds to the new influence. The influence then comes back to
the first part in a modified way, making a loop not a straight line.
This is known as the feedback loop. Hunger is a good example of
this. When you feel hungry, you want to eat. So you eat as much
as you need to satisfy your hunger. Once your hunger is satisfied
you stop eating. Your hunger influenced your craving for food

90

STOCKS TO RICHES

and in turn the amount of food you ate influenced your hunger. It
looks like one action but actually it is a loop. It would be only
one action if you knew exactly how much food to eat to feed your
hunger and you ate that quantity of food.
When two parts are connected the influence can go both ways,
like a telephone line; if you can dial a friend he can also dial you.
Feedback is the output of a system re-entering as its input, or the
return of information to influence the next step. Feedback is
fundamental to systems. There are two types of feedback loops:
n

Reinforcing Feedback: when changes in the whole system
return to amplify the original change and this amplified
change goes through the system producing more change in
the same direction. An example would be a snowball rolling
down the hill. It collects snow as it rolls and becomes larger
and larger until it eventually becomes a boulder.

n

Balancing Feedback: when changes in the whole system
return to oppose the original change and so dampen the
effect. A balancing feedback loop is where change in one
part of the system results in change in the rest of the system
that restrict, limit or oppose the initial change. These are
loops that resist change and keep the system stable or else
the reinforcing feedback would break the system.

Feedback is a circle. It takes time to travel round a circle and
so the effects can appear some time after the cause. When there is
a time delay between cause and effect and we assume there is no
effect at all, we may be surprised when the effect suddenly happens.
What we do now will affect our lives in the future when the
consequences come round again. We do not see the connection
and we blame prevailing conditions but actually the roots lie in
our own past actions. We mould the future by our present actions.
Very often the most critical point of leverage in any system is
the belief of the people, because it is these beliefs that sustain the
system. The stock market is one such system and it is the beliefs
and the behaviour of its various participants from time to time
that shape their progress.

THE STOCK MARKET BUBBLE 91

The Psychology of Stock Market
Participants
Understanding the psychology of the participants is the
key to knowing how they will behave when they are gripped by
fear and greed. He who understands this psychology is able to
manipulate the markets by using the different participants at
different times. Now let’s see what each one wants from the
markets.

Government
At this point when the world has become a global village and
each country wants to attract foreign capital, governments need
booming markets. Stock markets are the barometer of an economy.
They send positive signals to foreign investors when they are in a
bull phase. Booming stock markets create confidence and spur
the governments to go ahead with their economic policies. No
government likes depressed stock markets.

Regulator
Appointed by the government, the regulator also likes booming
stock markets. A rising market is evidence of good governance. It
also results in additional revenue in the form of higher transaction
and service charges due to the increase in turnover.

Stock Exchanges
They facilitate stock transactions. During boom periods, incomes
skyrocket by way of transaction charges from brokers, listing fees,
etc.

Brokers
In a bull market the clientele increases and so do business
opportunities. This results in higher incomes for the brokers.

92

STOCKS TO RICHES

Banks
Their business increases with soaring stock markets as opportunities
open up in lending against stocks, margin trading, depository and
custodial business, etc. The feel good factor drives investors to
banks for various financial services.

Companies
Rising markets lead to higher stock prices. The net worth of
owners increase and companies can mop up more capital for
expansions. Financially healthy companies are able to attract and
retain good talent, and keep their shareholders happy.

Mutual Funds
Higher stock price means increased net asset values. Rising markets
attract more investors which means more money under
management, and higher asset management fees. They are also
able to come out with different kinds of funds to satisfy every
requirement.

Media
The media plays a pivotal role in spreading information. An
increase in investors means increased viewers/readers, which
translates into increased advertisement revenue.

Investors
The lure of quick money draws investors in a bull market. Day
traders become very active as they are rewarded with easy gains.

Operators
He is the smartest and shrewdest of all. He is aware that the bull
run psychology creates the bull run. He knows the system, he
understands the psychology of the participants, and he has the
ability to exploit that for his own benefit. He is the king-maker
who uses his knowledge to win over investors, brokers and
company management.

THE STOCK MARKET BUBBLE 93

Making the Bubble
“Whoever can supply them with illusions is easily their master.”
—Gustav Le Bon.

Stock Price
The fulcrum of the stock market is the stock price. The
management of companies is the biggest beneficiary of a price
increase and it is in its interest to keep stock prices high. Anyone
who promises to boost the price easily becomes its master. The
operator understands this weakness very well. He tells the
management that its company stock is undervalued and convinces
it that he can take it higher. In most cases he is a broker or an
investment banker, which gives him the credibility of knowing
the stock markets.

The Deal
The management gives the operator some stock at the current
low price and a predetermined amount to rig the stock. The
operator uses the money for his stock market operations while his
profits come from a portion of the stock he is given at the
beginning, which he sells when the price goes up. A fixed amount
of performance fees is also given to execute the deal. Over and
above that, the operator makes money by way of trading on his
own account during the rigging process.

Circular Trading
Step 1: The operator has his own band of brokers who specialise
in such operations. The circular trading starts. Broker 1 sells shares
to broker 2 who in turn sells to broker 3 who then sells to broker
4 and so on. As the shares change hands the price increases. Thus
reported prices on the screen show a steady rise and so does the
reported volume. When this data reaches investors they think
that since the stock is moving something must be happening.
Circular trading picks up momentum and the stock price and
volume increases. The reinforcing loop is created. Even if there is

94

STOCKS TO RICHES

pressure to sell the operator absorbs it with the money given to
him by the management. If the conditions are bullish the operator
and his band of brokers also absorb the selling by taking their
own positions. This creates an artificial scarcity and the reinforcing
loop becomes stronger. See Figure 10.1 to understand the circular
trading process.

FIGURE 10.1

Creating the Reinforcing Loop

At this stage the manipulators cannot exit. They are making
the bubble, so they need to support the price or else the reinforcing
loop will break. The stock needs to get its momentum before it
can stand on its own. So a fund manager of a mutual fund or an
institutional investor is roped in to join the inner coterie. They
have access to a huge pool of resources and their investment adds
credibility to the stock. Investors are lured by the entrance of
these investors. This helps the rigging and gives credibility to the
stock.

THE STOCK MARKET BUBBLE 95

Step 2: Now the stock has got its feet. Regular volume data and
the rise in price attracts investors. Saliency heuristic is at work.
The rise in stock is seen as a positive turn in the fortunes of the
company. Slowly the stock becomes newsworthy. Stories about
the company, its growth potential, business environment, earnings
potential, restructuring and so on appear in stock market journals
and newspapers. Various research reports are published. The
availability heuristic is at play. All available information on the
company is positive. The recall value for the stock gains
prominence and more investors start buying. The seed of greed is
sowed. With each price rise, demand for the stock increases and
other players such as retail investors join the game. Fundamentals
and valuations take a back seat.

FIGURE 10.2

The Bubble Swells

96

STOCKS TO RICHES

The initial operator and his band of brokers at this stage do not
do much except plant stories in the media, generate excitement
about the stock by way of research reports, and convince other
intermediaries who in turn recommend the stock to their clients.
Essentially, their job is done. The stock is on autopilot. The bubble
starts ballooning. At this stage the manipulators are able to exit.
Step 3: The net is spread. More stock market participants enter
the fray. Banks and private financiers look for lending
opportunities. The stock enters the list of stocks against which
banks will give an overdraft facility. This further enhances the
credibility of the stock. The stock builds huge volumes as genuine
buying and selling takes place. Enter the media. Stock price
movements are flashed on TV screens and analysts recommend it
at investment debates. The stocks soar further on reflexivity as

FIGURE 10.3

The Bubble at its Peak

THE STOCK MARKET BUBBLE 97

more and more investors enter the market, afraid that they will
miss the bus. This herd mentality pushes the stock still further.
Now with greed in the driving seat representative heuristic comes
into play. Stocks in related industries also rise. The endowment
effect makes investors feel that the market is undervaluing their
stock and they become more confident of their holding. They
become salesmen for the stock and recommend it to their own
friends and relatives. Each person becomes an expert in his own
sphere of influence. The initial operator then exits and moves to
other stocks in the same industry where representative heuristic is
at play. The bubble is for real and the reinforcing loop is strong.
All the participants of the market are happy, as each one is a
winner.
Between the cause and effect there is an interval, the duration
of which no one can predict. The balancing loop has to come into
play to correct the reinforcing loop, as the goal of every system is
to be stable. Nobody can predict when that will happen, but
happen it will. The severity of the balancing loop is directly
proportionate to the severity of the reinforcing loop.

The Bubble Bursts
Gradually the stock price loses momentum. It does not
rise the way it once did. In fact, with the loss of momentum it
loses favour with technical analysts. The stock falls and does not
recover for a couple of days. Then it falls further and confusion
sets in. Insiders get jittery and adverse stories do the rounds. The
stock price declines even further on such news. Now, fear and
greed pull investors in opposite directions. Those holding the
stocks get into decision paralysis and are reluctant to exit should
the stock rebound. Some are anchored to the high prices and
they feel that this downward movement is an opportunity to
accumulate. Sunk cost fallacy drives investors to buy to average
their cost of purchase. This leads to small cheater’s rallies where
the stock goes up for sometime only to fall further. More people
get trapped. With declining prices there is a crisis of confidence.
The regulator is alerted and starts investigating the fall in stock

98

STOCKS TO RICHES

price. There is more confusion and uncertainty and the stock
price falls steeply. The bubble has been pricked.

FIGURE 10.4

The Bubble is Pricked

Now the balancing loop accelerates. Negative news further
damages stock prices. The banks are forced to call in further
margins on their lending. Some defaults in margin calls force the
banks to sell the shares. This news dampens the sentiment and
banks and financiers stop lending against the stock. With falling
prices loss aversion dominates and investors panic. The market
enters the bear phase. Now each one wants to get out faster than
his neighbour does. Prices decline at a faster rate and news of
wrongdoings and scams begin to surface. At this stage no good
news about the stock can improve the stock price. The buyers

THE STOCK MARKET BUBBLE 99

FIGURE 10.5

The Bubble Bursts

have turned sellers. The balancing loop is correcting the excesses
of the reinforcing loop.
Everyone realises that it was a bubble and that it has burst.
Investors pay heavily for their greed, and fortunes are lost. The
sentiment turns hostile. The government orders the regulator to
conduct an inquiry and find the culprit. But that’s not easy. This
operator knows how the system works and doesn’t leave a trail.
He understands the psychology of the various participants. This
understanding benefits him, as he knows how to use each
participant to his advantage. In such a complex stock market
system you really don’t have trails to fall back on. The regulator
needs to know how the stock market system works, rather than
go through the task of catching the culprits.

100

STOCKS TO RICHES

A Summation
“To know the art of impressing the imagination of crowds, is
to know at the same time the art of governing them.”
—Gustav Le Bonn.
There are two basic questions we must ask and answer about
the bull run and the bear bust. In the case of the bull market we
need to know the source of the money and from where the money
to fuel the boom is coming. In the case of a bear market we must
know the source of information and the actor playing on insider
information to depress the price.
The purpose of the chapter is to make the reader aware of the
working of the system and how behaviour of different participants
helps to build a bull run, which is ultimately busted due to a
directly opposite behaviour from the same participants. Building
a bubble is not easy as there are many variables attached. Nor is
it that easy for anyone to rig the markets. Off course bubbles are
much more easier to build in bull markets. Out of the many who
try many of them fail and at each step the regulator becomes
more learned and alert. However there is always someone waiting
to beat the system. Investors must understand the workings of the
stock market system and become aware of their own behavioural
anomalies as well as that of others. As for the regulator it is
important to be alert to every irrational or peculiar movement of
stock prices.
Now we go to the last chapter of this book where we understand
the paradigm of money and why investing in stocks is your gateway
to achieving financial freedom.

Reference
1. Joseph O’Connor & Ian McDermott: The Art of Systems
Thinking, Thorsons Publishers, April 1997.

CHAPTER

WHY MUST ONE INVEST

11

“Modern man drives a mortgaged car over a bond financial highway on
credit card gas”
—Earl Wilson
I would like to end the book with some thoughts on the
paradigm of money and the basics of financial literacy. These
concepts are very well explained in the Rich Dad, Poor Dad
series authored by Robert T. Kiyosaki with Sharon L. Lechter,
(C.P.A.). When it comes to money most people want to feel
secure. We are afraid of losing money, of not having enough to
pay our bills. It is this fear not passion that drives our decisionmaking. If you have a passion for anything you will excel as
passion helps you to think positively. But when you are gripped
by fear you always play it safe. And when you do that you will
never have enough money to fulfil your desires. People believe
that money can solve all their problems. But that idea is an illusion.
Remember when you were just out of college. You had certain
desires to be fulfilled and certain bills to be paid. So you were
thrilled when you got a job. You believed that the pay cheque at
the end of the month would solve all your problems. When the
pay cheque arrived you paid the bills for your desires. You were
happy about it, but this happiness was short-lived. As soon as you
fulfilled your desires, they increased and you required more money
to fulfil those new desires. When you got a hike in your salary the
pleasure was again short-lived for your desires increased in
proportion to your income. It’s a never-ending story and you are
always afraid that you will never have enough. So every time you
think of money fear grips you and you make decisions not with
your mind but with your heart.
What you need to do is to change your paradigm. Passion
should drive you not fear. Think of what you can do with money
and what you should do to make it. Money is an idea. You see it
more clearly with your mind than your eyes. Learning to play the
game of money is an important step on your journey to financial
freedom.

102

STOCKS TO RICHES

Learning the Money Game1
To be a successful investor you must know how money
works. There are some elementary facts about finance that
unfortunately are not taught in schools and colleges. So let’s begin
learning now. What is an Asset? An asset is that which creates an
income for the owner. See Figure 11.1

FIGURE 11.1

Asset Cash Flow Pattern

What is a Liability? A liability is that which creates an expense
for the owner. See Figure 11.2.
Have you been approached by banks willing to lend you money
to buy a house? Does your banker say he will help you buy an
asset? Attractive deals in the form of low interest rates and longterm mortgage payments are offered. So you go ahead and buy
your dream house thinking you are buying an asset. By the
definition of an asset it should create an income for you. However,
here it is creating an expense in the form of mortgages, taxes,

WHY MUST ONE INVEST 103

FIGURE 11.2

Liability Cash Flow Pattern

interest, etc. So common sense demands that you treat it as a
liability rather than an asset.
Yes, the banker did tell you that you are buying an asset. What
he did not tell you was that he was buying the asset for the bank
and a liability for you. There is nothing wrong in buying a house
on mortgage, but understand that you are thereby creating a
liability for yourself that will entail further expenses. Even if you
buy a house with your own money and keep it locked you should
treat it as a liability as you are incurring expenses for its upkeep
in the form of maintenance charges, property tax, society charges,
etc. However, if you buy a house on mortgage and rent it, and
your rental is higher than the mortgage, then you have a positive
cash flow. The house becomes an asset as it generates an income.
Understanding how assets and liabilities work is basic to financial
literacy. Your cash flow is an indication of whether you are building
assets or taking on liabilities. If it is coming in you have an asset,
if it is going out it is a liability. Once you comprehend this you
can work out your own financial future.

104

STOCKS TO RICHES

Cash Flow of the Middle Class
A majority of the customers of banks and consumer
goods companies come from the middle class. It is not because of
their inherent purchasing power but because they happen to be
attractive borrowers. They are cautious about money yet, as they
strive to improve their standard of living they get increasingly
into debt. All their lives they work to pay off their mortgages,
credit card bills, car loans, etc. They start small, like taking a loan
to buy a two-wheeler, but soon their desires increase and they
want to buy a car. So they go to the bank and take a car loan to
fulfil their desire. With a bigger loan the outgoings increase and
they desperately look for a hike in their salary. The hike comes
and with it the desire to buy a bigger car. So the bank offers them
a bigger loan. And this goes on and on. Expenses mount and any
increase in salary is soon nullified. Only the liabilities increase;
no effort is made to increase the asset. They don’t realise that
they have started working for the bank also (by taking up liabilities).
Now they work for two bosses. One who provides the job, and
the bank to whom they give the interest, mortgages, etc? This is
the cash flow of the middle class. See Figure 11.3.

FIGURE 11.3

Cash Flow Pattern of the Middle Class

WHY MUST ONE INVEST 105

As the incomes of the middle-class increase so do their liabilities.
They make little effort to create assets. Instant gratification and
financial illiteracy dominates their decision-making. They believe
they are creating assets in the form of house, car, etc., whereas
they are only creating liabilities and increasing their expenses.
See Figure 11.4.

FIGURE 11.4

The Middle-Class Status Quo

What differentiates the middle class from the rich is their lack of
financial literacy. It is the cash flow that makes all the difference.
The rich understand the power of money and they make it work
for them. They always have a positive cash flow.

Cash Flow of the Rich
The rich create assets. The assets create income. From
the income they create more assets. Even if they buy a house on
mortgage, they rent it and the rentals are higher than the mortgage
and other charges they pay. So the house is an asset for them
even if they take a bank loan to acquire it. See Figure 11.5.

106

STOCKS TO RICHES

FIGURE 11.5

Cash Flow Pattern of the Rich

The balance sheet of the rich consists of assets like stocks,
bonds, real estate, etc. Their income derives mainly from dividends,
interest, rentals, etc. They make their money work for them and
they do not create liabilities. Thus their expenses are under control.
Any one can do what the rich do. Firstly it requires discipline to
stay the course and avoid instant gratification of desires. Secondly
it requires an understanding of the basic principles of assets and
liabilities. It’s easy to become financially literate if you have the
patience.
Some say that money begets money. However many people
like film stars, athletes, celebrities who made a lot of money in
their heyday have lost all of it in a few years. If money begets
money these people should have stayed rich. They lost only
because they were not financially literate. They did not know
how to harness the power of money. To become rich you must

WHY MUST ONE INVEST 107

FIGURE 11.6

The Road to Riches

have a passion for money. Making money is a game and you
must enjoy playing it. It is tough but worth the trouble.
There are four ways by which people make money and each
method forms one quadrant of the income generation circle.
Different people fall into different cash quadrants depending upon
the source of their cash flow.2
1. Employee cash flow quadrant: They work for somebody
and earn a salary as employees.
2. Self-employed cash flow quadrant: They are the professionals
like doctors, lawyers, architects, who are self employed.
3. Business cash flow quadrant: They are the ones who own a
business.
4. Investor cash flow quadrant: They are investors whose income
comes from investments.
To which quadrant do you belong?

108

STOCKS TO RICHES

FIGURE 11.7

Modes of Income Generation

Whichever quadrant you may be, if you want to make your
money work for you need to make every effort to get into the
investor quadrant. Only then will you be able to achieve financial
freedom. A lot of us would love to be in the business quadrant,
but few of us are not blessed with the skills or the abilities or the
resources to run a business. So the best alternative would be to
take a share in a business that is run by someone else. This is
nothing but buying a stock of a company. You become an investor
in the company and share the profits of the company by way of
dividends and capital appreciation. To gain a detail perspective
on the above concepts I would strongly recommend to the reader
the Rich Dad, Poor Dad Cash flow Quadrant by Robert T.
Kiyosaki with Sharon L. Lechter, (C.P.A.).
Which brings us to the most important question: Why are
stocks the best form of investment?

WHY MUST ONE INVEST 109

Why Stocks
Past performance is no guarantee for future performance.
There are no guarantees that any asset will thrive in the future
because it has in the past. This leaves us with two choices:
1. Keep hard cash with us and save enough during our working
years to last our retirement years; or
2. Take some risks and invest the money in assets that have a
reasonable chance of increasing in value over time.
Most of us would not choose the first option because most
people cannot save enough to support them in retirement especially
when inflation continuously erodes the purchasing power of
money. This leaves us with the second choice of investing the
money in different asset classes. Here is where the problem of
choosing investment options comes in. Stocks would be my
preferred choice as they increase in value faster than inflation
decreases the buying power of money. The best way for us to
have money in the future is to make money in the future. So we
need to really forget about which asset class will appreciate in the
future but rather focus on owning a business that profitably sells
products or services. Of course most of us do not have the
inclination, the money or the skills to start our own business, so
the next best way to share in the profits is through the stock
markets.
Stocks represent ownership interest in businesses. When you
invest in stocks you become a partial owner of the concern that
will hopefully make money in the future. Stock ownership will
reward the owners either because the stock prices go up or because
the firm’s profits will be distributed as dividends. In the short
period stocks may rise for reasons having nothing to do with
profitability or dividends, as we saw during the Internet era. But
over long periods of time it has been proved that stock prices rise
in relation to a company’s earnings and distribution of profits to
shareholders in the form of dividends, bonus shares and rights.
Most people may not be able to consistently identify specific
companies that will thrive, so they would do well to employ the
services of a professional.

110

STOCKS TO RICHES

I am not trying to suggest that one should only invest in stocks.
It is definitely wise to spread your wealth across various asset
classes like stocks, bonds, real estate, art or gold. But if you don’t
plan to tap into your long-term savings for a period of at least five
years, stocks should probably constitute the bulk of your portfolio
depending upon your emotional strength to deal with the ups and
downs of the market. Even retirees who draw their current income
from their investments should have a portion of their savings
invested in stocks so that their money will grow faster than inflation.
To be a savvy investor one must know the difference between
investing and speculating. Investing is intriguing, and if you are
still confused I suggest you go back to Chapter 1.

References
1. Rich Dad, Poor Dad, Robert T. Kiyosaki with Sharon L.
Lechter, (PA), Published by Warner Books.
2. Cashflow Quardrant, Robert T. Kiyosaki with Sharon L. Lechter
(PA), published by Warner Books.

INDEX
A
Anchoring and Adjustment
Assets 11
Availability Heuristic 70

Earned Income V/s Gift Income 62
Emotions Change Paradigms 27
Endowment Effect 52, 53

73

G
Getting Out From Under
Government 91
Graham, Benjamin 18

B
Banks 92
Be Alert 67
Be Patient 67
Bear 12
Behaviour
Finance 24
Fund Manager’s 84
Bonds 3
Brokers 91
Bubble 89, 93, 97
Buffet, Warren 12
Bull 12

H
Herd Mentality 76
Hero Honda 16
Heuristic
Mental 68
Representative 71
Saliency 71
Hindustan Lever 16

C
Capital Gains 10, 11
Cash Flow 10
Middle Class 104
Rich 105
Credit Cards 63
Classical Economic Theory v/s
Behavioural Economic Theory
Companies 92
Confirmation Traps 55
D
Deal 93
Decision Paralysis and the
Endowment Effect 45
Destructive Environment 85
Diversification 7
Dividends 11
E
Each Plan is Different

40

8

28

I
Infosys 16
Case Study: September 2000 12
Technologies Limited 12
Insurance 3
Investing 1, 2, 23, 101
Decision Paralysis 43, 50
Plan 5, 8, 9
Procedures 4
Products 3
Strategy and Speculation 10
Three ways of 19
Vehicles 6
Investor Classification 4
Investors 92
L
Law of the Farm 14
Learning the Money Game 102
Let Bygones be Bygones 42
Loss Aversion 33, 35
Sunk Cost Fallacy 32

112

INDEX

M
Media 92
Mental Accounting 59, 64
Mutual Funds 3, 82, 92
O
Operators 92
Overconfidence 72
Overvaluation 53
P
Path
Emotionally difficult 21
Intellectually difficult 19
Physically difficult 20
Pattern Recognition 78
Plan of Action 5, 9, 57, 66
Purchases
Large vs small 63
R
Real estate 3
Reframe Losses as Gains
Regulator 91
Reward 15
Risk 15
S
Sacred Money

64

43

Size Bias 77
Speculation 5, 10, 11, 14
Speculators 11
Stock 3, 109
Exchange 91
Price 93
Psychology of participant
Sunk Cost Fallacy 37
Systems Thinking 89

91

T
Taking Decisions 48
The Beginnings 83
The Future of Open-ended Mutual
Funds 87
Three Sources of Alpha for Superior
Performance 30
Trial and Money Back Guarantee
Scheme 54
Total Portfolio Vision 42
Trading 4, 8
Circular 93
is not Investing 8
Treat All Income as Earnings 67
Trends and Diversification 7
W
Williams, John Burr 11

