13th Bullet Proof Seminar 2026, by TN Investors Association

Speaker 1: S Naren of @ICICIPruMF

Theory vs Practice in Investing.

I'm used to giving certain valuations to certain companies and things are working differently, most of my colleagues think of me as a nagging mother-in-law. But it's important for me to do this nagging mother-in-law job, it keeps things in check and will eventually work.

It begins!

In 2026, we've tried to caution people against silver - Jan 2026 was the only month when inflows in gold silver, we're higher than inflows in equity.

People say they practice asset allocation but in Jan 2026 people practiced net asset allocation.

Mutual Fund inflows is a beautiful indicator - because SMID is outperforming, large caps are seeing a net outflow.

This is a global problem, not an India problem. 2000s saw the internet bubble, 2008 was housing, 2022 was crypto bust, 2025 was SpaceX.

It is impossible to understand how SpaceX is priced. Beauty is experience and theory are exact opposites.
Theory doesn't work on the short run. It works in the long run. Limitations of theory - this is why it doesn't work in the short run
In the North, people usually ask for stock TIPs So we've designed TIP as knowing theory, introspecting and moving to practice On theory:
Read these investing figures and their principles, they work across cycles

Just reading the same principle over and over again helps me. I stopped reading new principles outside of these. Second most important thing to do is to understand yourself -
are you an investor or a trader or neither?

what's your style - growth, value, contra or contra?

Either of these can work but more importantly you should choose your style, what gives you comfort. For example, I can't be a growth investor.
Best time to follow a style is when it's the opposite of the current flavor

For example, US is seeing a growth and thematic style of an investing period - everything else is doing badly

So, this isn't probably a good time to invest in the US growth or thematic segments.

"There are old investors, there are bold investors, but there are no old bold investors" - Howard Marks During growth phases there's enormous leverage - so US for ex is seeing huge leverage right now.
On thematics If you're doing thematic investing - buy the basket not a stock, else the theme isn't right On Value
- Triggers - what unlocks value?
- Ownership - how crowded is it?
- Intangibles - what is being missed?
- Leverage - how much balance sheet risk? On ownership:
Lot of sectors were at value like road construction but 40% owned by mutual funds. If public ownership is high, it's a trap? How is contra different?
Contra can be growth also, but at that time growth is not in favor.

But it's not just being anti consensus, it is calculated contrarian view. Think of upside, sector disruptions
Common to all styles

WB spent 30 years reading an annual report and bought in 31st year Most people buy a stock the day they do research
You can't be friends with the co you want to own

You should be able to switch between styles, between asset classes Arun of FundsIndia says
Asset Allocation
Bubble - pull out money in a bubble Crash - go all in when there's a crash

A B C
If you manage to practice ABC you can make huge money WB in India once said
In 50 years of experience, you'll get 5 opportunities. You need to make the most of it in those 5 times I believe unconstrained investing is better than constrained investing

If you only mandate to invest in a particular sector you will underperform for a long time Last 5 years has been easy time to make money
In the next 10 years there's no asset class that's thumping cheap

3-4 years back gold and silver looked interesting, but they've gone up Global markets have gone up
When I do sales events, people ask too much about an asset class - so I realized we have a top. People were asking about silver, now they're talking about global ai trade

Investing, public speaking and dealing with people - must have abilities for success in life

Dealing with people - ex Subhiksha R Subramaniam was my IIM A batchmate. Even Gopal Vittal was a batchmate at IIM C Gopal took Bharti to places; R Sub went to jail.
Gopal knew how to communicate, how to deal with people.

Work hard, stay curious, stay skeptical, communicate well and above all "Most important quality for an investor is temperament, not intellect" - WB

Speaker 2: Manish Gunwani, CIO at @bandhanmutual @GunwaniManish
(Ex colleague of S Naren at ICICI)

Naren has given behavioral gyaan, I will give more of a macro lens as a fund manager.

This is more as a fund manager, not a CIO, because other fund managers within Bandhan may have a different view Bonds are risk free - this isn't true, in many countries they haven't been risk free.
All fiat currencies revert to their intrinsic value which is 0.

Every 20-30 years the real returns in the US market comes to 6%. So, this is a time to be concerned about the US markets right now Lot of times we talk about equities, we focus on GDP growth and flows. But we also need to talk about supply of paper too
Equities is essentially a form of raising capital - if markets are richly valued promoters will give a lot of supply and vice versa So, it hits a balance at 4-7% above inflation.
Finally, we'll see equities has done this consistently, it has preserved purchasing power which fixed income hasn't necessarily

1. Equities should give 6% above inflation, so around 11-12% in the next 5 years

2. Government debt - is rising, countries printing money

For example, Japan paid 0 if you put money in the bank, but stocks did 11% in 10 years and 20% in 7 years. Debt has been risky vs equities

You could make a case for US - but US inflation hasn't gone away from 2% but their balance sheet has been going up.

3. Yuan likely to appreciate against USD

X axis is inflation relative to US, Y axis is exchange rate vs US

Not just the data but even the narrative favors Yuan appreciation

Countries like India running deficits against China will put lot of pressure on China to revalue their currency. On AI
• Usually infra side of a new tech goes into hype, into bubble territory
• For ex: Cisco

A good risk to monitor is Oracle and CoreWeave.

A lot of memory stocks aren't very high moat stocks; we've seen semiconductor bubbles even before ai - supply will eventually come; it's a question of time.
India's demography is changing Now below replacement rate

• Our urban fertility is mirroring Japan now
• Consumer cos based on penetration growth will struggle for growth

In top 5-10%, lesser and lesser children will inherit the wealth and hence luxury / premium consumption will pick up Growth has concentrated in the south and west
Finally technology + asset inflation = higher inequality

Zomato is taking away profit pools of small restaurants, travel portal takes away travel agents, etc. Naren may disagree but we are bullish on small cap
Not the small cap 250, but there is a vast universe outside of it

• Tech change - new tech firms will emerge from this space
• Geopolitical volatility
• Liquidity
• Universe
• Improving quality of small caps - especially in corp governance terms (lot of names coming from the Private Equity universe) Hardly any manufacturing co in the Nifty100 except a Divis or metals.
If ai disrupts services jobs then large caps don't have great manufacturing, capex representation 3 themes we like
• Yuan appreciation
• Policy
• Income and Regional Inequality

Speaker 3 @Iamsamirarora of @heliosMF
Panel moderated by @nbalajiv

Balaji: there are cos that are growing, but not necessarily listed - so we will probably not get exposure to fast growing large cos in the large cap index?

Samir: So, the FII selling data has probably gone into non top 10 companies (as per an icici sec report).

FIIs are selling the top 10, they are buying the non-top 10. Not because of valuations but because the top 10 have been disrupted.

Take the large FMCG cos, some co which has a lever - their competitive advantages are reducing - for ex they would say we have largest presence on national media, but d2c guys are using meta ads, etc. to advertise.

On the other side, customer needs are evolving. Even channels, earlier they were negotiating with a kirana, now negotiating with a quick commerce player.

So consumer market is growing but large consumer cos aren't growing.

Balaji: So, I was looking at the flagship Helios Flagship Fund, you are in 0 Nifty IT, Auto, FMCg - so broadly only 40% of nifty constituents.

Samir: Our benchmark is N500, not N50.. so, the bet is on the new large caps - blinkit, manipal, adani, etc. Basically, if a company is telling you I will grow 1%, then...
A co should make me feel excited for the year.

Btw we do have one IT stock - because the guy is at least saying we'll grow 20-30%.

Balaji: Take Dmart for ex - most profitable bricks and mortar player. We also have eternal with a smaller history but it has a mcap higher than dmart. But you don't own a dmart, but own a eternal

Samir: I disagree about dmart though he's a friend. If you make money by saving rent, then ideally a 6% yield should mean your biz should get a 15x multiple, but dmart gets a 100x multiple!

Balaji: as a public market investor, you're making the life of a pvt market investor easy by giving an easy exit Samir: Don't think the private markets are easy; their weighted returns will be as good or bad as public markets! You only see their successful outcomes not their misses...
Balaji: on diversification and concentration?

Samir: WB said diversification is for people who don't know what they're doing, so he's saying people who concentrate know what they're doing. It's incorrect

Say 100 people concentrate on 10 stocks each, some are common some aren't common, say 400 stocks, from that I'm picking 50... so my returns aren't going to be any different.

The story about concentration is that the guy who wins comes to this stage and the guy who doesn't sits in the audience. It's a lottery

So, I refuse to be concentrated.

Balaji: your views on manufacturing?

Samir: I think china+1 is a reality, bullish on manufacturing.

Schneider bought L&T unit in Covid and partnered with Tamasek; but eventually they bought out Tamasek at 4-5x in a few years, they refused to go public too.

Foxconn says their strategy is OOC - out of China. So, they explored Malaysia, Vietnam etc. and then chose India... Balaji: if you look at the sensex constituents in 1980s / 1990s, it had a lot of textile cos, like raymonds maffatlal etc. Similarly, we're talking about manufacturing. Which sectors do you think will lose out from the index?
Samir: If you see IT, their share of the index has come down. People say their valuations are 10% below average, but what happens if it goes up 10% - is the game only for 10%? The business is also 10% below average right?

If you see Jamie Damon, he says he is jealous about Revolut.. even Paytm wasn't done by the IT biggies.

Balaji: Why do you like pvt banks - everyone is bullish on them - if a JPM can be at 1x Price to book vs HDFC at 2.5x Price to book.

Samir: We own it because of history, we've been owning it for a while, but also own it because it's cheap. I don't own too many banks, but a few and they've done reasonably well.

Balaji: Your elimination strategy?

Samir: Someone says we buy good companies and hold them for the long term. This is bs - say someone tells me Kotak turned out to be a great investment - let me ask Balaji, what's the flaw in the logic?

No logic because no one in 2003 knew that a broker (Kotak) will become a bank. Nobody knows. That's the answer. In 2011 what would be the claim of Sanjiv Bajaj or Rajiv to think they'll be a $15bn co in a few years.
So, we say eliminate the bad and pray for the good to turn out to be good.

Balaji: a family office in Delhi asked me - there are 575 guys like you, there are 60 Mutual Funds. How can you create alpha on top of this? Does insti still have an edge over retail with the democratization of data?

Samir: Yes, insti can make alpha but not by much. Earlier it was easier, we could outperform by 10%, today it'll probably be 2-4%. In fact, those days brokerage would be 1-1.5%, so I told my dealer that negotiate brokerage after every trade so just bringing it down to 0.5% would make us outperform by 0.5%.

Today there is an intervention of private equities, so they also eat up some part of the pie. Balaji: You're a voracious reader.
Should an investor be reading on investing or on science, philosophy etc.

2nd question - how do you take notes; how do you remember points from your n-50th book.

Samir: Some friends kids come and read books with me, the lesson for the new guy is to read books on business, not markets. Not to straightaway go into PE, markets etc but read biographies of entrepreneurs.

But I read out of passion, not to give an exam. So, no notes.. I also read some books multiple times.
Balaji: Whenever an artist performs, the best art is reserved for the last. So now can you tell us your views on FII taxation in India?
Samir: In April, I met a debt guy, I usually don't meet debt guys, but I met him and he was complaining and in a few days' debt taxation was removed.

But I don't think we will have relief for equity taxation.. Balaji: Diversification or concentration?
Samir: Concentration Sorry Diversification
Balaji: Error of commission or omission? Samir: Omission
Balaji: Which stock do you prefer, low valuation with subpar ROE or high valuation with great ROE? Samir: The former. Nobody cares about ROE, but you want the co to keep the money and grow it. Balaji: Management meetings - underrated or overrated?
Samir: overrated. I've not even met one management for dinner. Balaji: numbers guy or narratives? Gut feels or spreadsheet?
Samir: I'm a narratives guy, but my guys are good with numbers. Gut feel isn't good to say publicly.

Balaji: Any tips?
Samir:
1.  Helios Flexi Cap Fund

Speaker 4: Ganeshram of @Avendus Capital Difficult job to speak after Samir, but will try my best. I'll cover 2 things
• Counter Cyclical Investing
• Looking at Indian Equities from a FII Lens Understanding market cycles
• Counter Cyclical Investing reaps outsized returns

In 25 years, we've got 5 great opportunities. But what's a lead indicator for this?

• Banking sector deposit growth starts picking up and BOP Balance of Payments starts growing

• Market share consolidated from a supply pov

• Companies report better operating cashflows

• Balance sheet gets deleveraged

• RM inflation impacts gross margins but this is a good sign for later earnings recovery The phase 1 indicators usually show up flashing green before the sun
the phase 2 is when the multiples re-rate.. the blue sky phase. Phase 3 - worst time to invest is when
• Earnings show challenges, oversupply or fear of it starts

• Leverage is high and RBI tightens credit. Every time a bubble bursts it's a combination of leverage and central bank tightening credit

• Inventory piles up

• BoP turns

• Credit, bonds, gold, currency - lead indicators start here. Equities don't listen here, but the other assets are to watch for Last phase - emotional capitulation
Too late to sell; too early to buy

Leverage gets exposed, growth moderates, FIIs sell, weak players lose share. Finally this leads back to Phase 1.
So, idea is to keep watching for lead indicators instead of just responding to earnings.

It's usually responding opposite to momentum. Example 2019 Pharma was a sitting duck
US Generic prices falling + US FDA inspection outcomes made pharma go out of favour. Sun Pharma fell from 1000 to 300.
Index fell 50% in a 4-year period; investors lost interest.

Companies responded, went into newer segments, prepared themselves, improved balance sheets and most importantly - 50% of medicines sold in US were made in India. If inspectors killed pharma cos, they killed themselves.

Second example: 2020 Covid Banks and NBFCs Consensus was 25% NPAs, but this would've killed banks.
Banks devised some schemes to lend to borrowers under some new govt schemes but they got back their loans SBI's write off book was 50% of the market cap. At 180 rs. Today's it's at 1000+
Market was ignoring that the retail mix was improving, balance sheet was under repair and this was a screaming opportunity. 3rd example: Capital Goods
Lot of things changing for the sector in terms of product mix, but market largely ignored them Looking at Indian Equities from a FII Lens
FIIs have not made returns in India for 4 years in $ terms

That's why in Iran war FIIs sold record amounts, if they didn't see returns for 4 years they had no option to sell. But this fatigue has happened in the past too.
Why are they selling?

1. AI
2. Tariff
3. War

Not going in depth but another pattern is Nifty EPS changes (downgrades). It's not comfortable from their perspective. Whenever BOP goes negative and rupee falls markets haven't done well.
Things are improving incrementally now.

• BoP improving, Liquidity in surplus, tax cuts, etc.

What's yet to improve
• Household leverage is high, gold loans are up 60%

• Trade deals need to help exports recover
• Property cycle has slowed down
• Ai led threats
• States are facing a huge fiscal challenge

Speaker 5: Ananth Narayan, former SEBI chairperson

What % of the global population does the US account for? 4%
But GDP? 26%
Wealth? 32%
1/3rd of global wealth is American
38% of global defense spending is by US For China
17% of global population, 17% of GDP and 12% of defense spending. At par.

For India
18% of population, 4% of global GDP, 3% of global wealth and 2% of defense spending and less than 2% of global IT capacity.

I'm part of an observatory group with members from other countries and I think the rules-based world order is declining and it's going to be the world of the might.

You have to take care of yourself and therefore the need for growth, innovation.

US debt is $40tn, it was just $5tn just before the 2008 crisis. It went to 9 during the crisis. It is at 40 now. At record yields. Central banks are moving to gold despite the yields.
So, who is buying US paper - mostly retail investors like you and me. As fiscal deficit blows, the US yields will remain high.
This is crucial for India - it sets a benchmark for us to offer as a rate to the world. Who is the other larger borrowers today? After the US govt
Ai cos!

They are cash rich. But now borrowing heavily! Everyone is hungry for debt.
Imagine what is going to happen to debt rates? I track CMIE jobs ex Agriculture.

Non-farm jobs - it was 25cr employed in 2016-17 range and it was flat until 2019. In 2020-21 it fell thanks to Covid.

Today it has seen a dramatic recovery - to 30cr+. 12cr industry jobs and 18cr service jobs.
What % of working age pop is working?

World average is 61%, India is 56%, Vietnam is 75% China is 75%. We are the lowest in labor force participation.
Men are at 77%; women are at 35%.

We are also poorer in comparison with manufacturing as a % of Gross Value Added. Our trade deficit with China is $100+bn. Entirely manufacturing.
95% of umbrellas coming into India are imported from China. We don't get / want FDI from China.
So how do we increase value add when we are dependent on one country, without allowing them to give us FDI?

European block is probably 12% of imports in India down from 22%. So even European machinery etc. imports have been replaced by China. But Europe is 50%+ of FDIs for India so they are very favorable when it comes to FDIs and tech sharing.

With the UK and EU FTA, our exports almost become tariff free. This is great news but we can't take this for granted.
We have to make it easy for them to come to India and setup a biz. If we do this, FTAs can be a big theme for India.
We pride on the fact that our monetary policy isnt fully free. At one time 10y bond yields went down to 6.1%.
How many of us would touch this 10y yield at 6.1%? Hardly.

This is the problem - RBI is maintaining the yields at a rate at which you and I won't transact. It's not a free market. As a result we have butchered the credit markets.
It ensured all of us only put money in equity markets. Got record demand and supply of IPOs. Foreigners are looking at these valuations and selling. Why would they buy?
We suppress interest rates, tax them heavily and then we wonder why we aren't getting capital?

One thing we are pushing for - exempt FPIs from paying tax in India.
Understand the context - I have invested abroad via LRS and I don't pay capital gains tax in those countries. Global norm followed for portfolio investment for non-controlling shares is residence-based tax model.

India insists on a source-based model. Just two days back we had the f&o report.
Typically, sebi officials have to be ready with a shield. Speaking from a personal note, not on behalf of SEBI.
SEBI genuinely isn't against derivatives. They understand you need speculators, they understand you need derivatives. What was bothering SEBI about f&o especially index options?
• Large number of people losing money - 40% of those who lost in f&o had no equity exposure. 75% had less than 1L equity exposure. Average holding is 3 minutes.

• SEBI's first mandate is investor protection.

• In India - open interest on index options on expiry date goes until 3:15pm, till the last cow comes home. Goes into 10L+ crores. The cash market liquidity looked healthy but it was a time bomb in the derivatives market.

SEBI has lot of pressure from all sides on this - For brokers, clearing corporations, exchanges - majority revenue comes from index options.

For regulator as well, have to be very thoughtful in taking action. Best of intent, but intended consequences can be catastrophic.

Speaker 6: Nimesh Chandan @Nimesh_Chandan of @bajajfinservmf

In economics you deal with people who react emotionally, unlike physics. So, you can't reason logically always. Harry Markowitz won the Nobel on defining risk as volatility and standard deviation.
When someone asked him for asset allocation, He said I do 50-50 debt and equity - so the person who gave us risk theory, himself invested on an emotional decision.

Many examples of brilliant thinkers in risk / economics, but yet made mistakes themselves. Because they thought people make rational decisions, but people behave emotionally.
On the other hand, folks like Howard Marks made millions trading junk bonds. Investing is simple, but not easy.
One thing to do is avoid confirmation bias. Usually looks like:

• Actively search for reassurance

• New information is also viewed under the lens of existing convictions

• Cognitive Dissonance

• Mentally assign the loss of luck Other bias is Noise
Someone collected data from horse races. He played historical races

He told the experts participants that you will have to predict the winner with a confidence or probability % based on 5 data points given.

On an average the experts were confident 19% and we're correct 17%. In further rounds, the number of data points kept rising.
On average the confidence level went to 40%+, but it didn't increase their accuracy. Beyond a point after collecting data points about a business, you are collecting noise. Then Anchoring
For example, take a newspaper subscription of Economist - there was a experiment (numbers changed below)

Online - Rs. 900 Print - Rs. 1800
Online + Print - Rs. 1800 - most people took this

vs

Online - Rs. 900 - most people took this Print - Rs. 1800

Trick is to combine intellect with emotional discipline. Other biases
Which restaurant would you choose? Empty or full restaurant?
Study showed 3-to-12-month period, momentum works. Best is 6-month winners holding for 6 months. Why does it work - academic finance doesn't have an answer, only behavioral finance has an answer.
If a co has a good quarter, most people say let the co put another good quarter and I'll invest. Earlier investors increase allocation and new investors come in, increasing momentum effect.

Quick advise

Speaker 7: @VijayKedia1
Hosted by @KhivrajNaresh

Naresh: Can't ask for a better last session than the most fun investor from India, Mr Vijay Kedia. Quick rapid fire - traditional or new age?
Vijay Kedia: New Age

Naresh: Concentrated or diversified? Vijay Kedia: Diversified
Naresh: Long term or medium term? Vijay Kedia: Looooooooooong term
Naresh: Sell decision - overvalued or underperforming?

Vijay Kedia: only if story has changed, not due to underperformance Naresh: Global or India?
Vijay: It is difficult to understand India; how can you understand Korea or Japan? Naresh: who is better, Vijay Kedia the investor or Vijay Kedia the singer?
Vijay: neither. I am still an improving singer and investor.

Naresh: you've spent several decades in the market and the market has evolved as well. So how have you adapted?

Vijay: Investing is a blessed business. In spite of that even if you are not educated - and of course no degree in stock market can guarantee success. So, like tech changes, same way, we are in the blessed business - unlike promoters, we can easily sell
businesses.

Markets are like a jungle - what an investor can create wealth if you can identify a cheetah. Cheetah in the sense which runs faster. And obviously new tech cos can run faster.

So, my job is to identify upcoming trends.

But if you see my portfolio - I still told a chemical company for years, but the company itself has changed. Even in a auto company I hold, the co is investing into Electric segment. So even if I'm not changing stocks, my companies are evolving into newer
technologies.

Naresh: how do you go about your investing process? Vijay Kedia
S - small

M - medium in experience

L - large in aspiration

E - extra-large market potential

I don't buy when a stock tumbles. I also wait for it to revive, as soon as it comes out of ICU and goes into general room, only then I buy..

For example - Tejas Networks was at the cusp of 2G to 4G and the government policy for telecom was also favorable. The company was also stressed temporarily.
So, all the dots connected and as the cycle was turning, I bought 4-5% of the company.

Eventually Tata bought the company and the stock went from Rs. 40 to Rs. 1500 in 4 years.. Naresh: thought process on new emerging sectors?
Vijay Kedia: I might be wrong but I'm taking an attempt..

I feel for example, RISE as a theme should do well. There are many factors at play to be watched out for.
India is blessed with sunlight but we couldn't make much renewable energy with it. These are old technologies. R - renewable energy
I - infrastructure
S - security (cyber security)
E - Emerging technology (ai, data center, etc.)

I'm here to play a series of test crickets, not a 100-meter race.

You have to create your mind also accordingly, select your co also accordingly. Your co should also be playing the same game as you want to play
Naresh: your thought process on your hospitality venture - Veda5, on why you chose entrepreneurship

Vijay: My theory is very simple. Someone was also asking me, I was doing a job, I want to go for investing - I advised him to have a no gravity zone. I am not depending on stock market investing to run my house.

Hence I've earmarked some investments to sell and buy in other bearish assets, like sometimes I buy properties if they are below market price.

Idea is to build passive income - either as rent or via the Veda5 investment. Because I have outside income, I am able to hold companies for 16 years..
Naresh: on Gen-Z impact, especially in the political circles - do you see impact on political and economic landscape?

Vijay: Gen Z is a new revolution. No government can ignore it. No corporate can ignore it. We have seen what has happened in our neighboring countries. It's a trailer of that.

Ultimately government and co have to listen to them.
In 2029, they could be the biggest voting blocs of India; going forward we will see signals. Naresh: any bold bets that didn't work, how did you come out of it?
Vijay: I invested in Indigo post Covid; it was the only co making money. Without indigo India couldn't run, govt can't dictate terms to Indigo. I thought it's a no brainer.

When Iran war happened, co was making losses, people weren't flying etc. I realized one thing, these co are good as they make profit. If they make 3 months losses, they will take 12 months to recover. Therefore, I exited Indigo.

I said I can invest for 10 years but I can change my mind. Naresh: thought process on giving back to the society?
Vijay: I'm an individual investor; in my individual capacity I've also setup a trust.

I intend to do something for financial literacy; it's something close to my heart. I want to do something along with the regulator, exchanges and the platforms.

Naresh: we heard Mr. Ananth Narayan on F&O. can you share your thoughts via a poetry / song on F&O? Vijay: Smoking is injurious to health; F&O is injurious to your wealth.
End

Closing remarks by @shyamsek of @ithoughtinvest


One of the best bullet proof conferences we've had.

The fact that we feel this way has to do with what the focus of the event was.

It was conscious on how we curated the speaker list - we chose people who had experience, who were wise. Most of the time the market is a voting machine, but eventually turns into a weighing machine.
Every year when you see the weighing machine, you'll see the voting machine was wrong. We almost always weigh and don't go for the voting.
Question is: are we designed for this quarter or for FY 28 end?
Most of us work quarterly and many cos are seeing a bump in earnings because of inventory revaluation valued at previous lower costs. In 2 quarters inventory will be bought at higher costs and it remains to be seen what will happen then.

Most of this is also present in institutional portfolios.

That's why @Iamsamirarora's words are wiser than they sounded. Especially if someone says he knows how to concentrate, it is his luck more than anything.

Take stocks with no PE or stocks that are expensive becoming super expensive - this is mostly based on expectations - and a classic construct. Is this sustainable?

In the Chennai investors groups, I used to be a concentrated investor, most of the others except one would have diversified (200+) companies.

I used to jokingly call it a zoo. Or a Vantara portfolio.

In managed portfolios, this is a clear risk - fund managers are making rich guys with investors' money. We think liquidity will keep valuations up - this is a clear red flag.
I used to concentrate, sometimes for 4 years there'll be no movement and lot of movement in 2 years. So, you need luck to have patience. It should ensure you don't sell early on non-performance.

Within equities, appreciate Ganeshram for bringing out counter cyclical investing.

Very few investors today practice counter cyclical investing in a sensible way, that's how your portfolio becomes bullet proof.

Asset class bias - Indians today are very biased towards equities in a wrong way. It's mostly based on today's view on taxation, Real Estate looking expensive, etc. it's not actually based on equity. It's based on last 1 year's cycle.

Expectation setting is wrong.

I agree with Ananth that we need universal LTCG, it's time that debt is also given the same treatment. What investors need to do is to:
• proof your portfolio from downside

• keep moving from funds or stocks that are expensive to less expensive

• we are probably just one move away from a global bust. This current bill run is built on global liquidity, we should ensure our portfolio isn't built on stuff like this.

The end..


